Jun 15
jsammons90
12:54 AM
Hiya, I'm based in Ireland and saw your post. It seems like we enjoy similar games, so I thought I'd say hello!

I love Satisfactory and I played the first Subnautica game, but haven't tried out the new one - are you enjoying it? Have you ever tried Valheim?

I'm not much of a reader myself, but I have been reading Dungeon Crawler Carl, which has been a lot of fun so far!

I'm also into D&D - I currently have a campaign going with a few friends. We're about 10 sessions in and I'm running the campaign for them. Have you ever tried D&D?
Kaktysshmanchik
12:50 PM
Hi there!

I’ve gotta admit, that list isn’t what I usually play. It’s just stuff that’s good for co-op and that I’ve already played. I’m more into RPGs, shooters, and solo games where I can lower the difficulty and chill.
I do like Subnautica, though. That’s about as much horror as I can stomach. And Subnautica 2 is wonderful and terrifying at times. Although running around squeezing water out of slugs can get a bit tiresome.

Nope, I’ve never tried D&D specifically. I offered my friends the idea once, but it never really stuck. I mostly play Pathfinder.
So, you’re a DM? That’s rough. Do you like it? It’s a cursed position, tbh. I offered to DM for my friends, and now, two years later, they won’t let me play. No one wants to DM instead of me - too much effort. XD
jsammons90
1:09 PM
Thanks for the response back! I'll play most games, just not really into sports or racing games. I really enjoy RPG's, shooters, strategy, all that stuff too.

Yeah, Subnautica was pretty terrifying. I love some good horror, but there's just something about being in the depths of pitch black ocean that is just really terrifying. Anything in particular that you're playing right now?

I played a bit of Pathfinder years ago, too. Also enjoyed Pathfinder: Wrath of the Righteous, beat that and really enjoyed it! Do you and your friends have an ongoing Pathfinder campaign or anything like that?

You've got that right - it's stressful trying to plan everything and hope that everyone enjoys it. I'm the most knowledgeable about all of the mechanics and everything, so it made sense for me to DM. I think the other guys would feel in over their head. I'm happy to do it though, so that we can all play.

So it sounds like you DM for your group as well? We're about 10 sessions into this campaign that we're doing - I took two modules and kinda put them together while changing things. I've got plans for a continuation after this by using another module and moving some more stuff around, but there's a lot of parts to check to make sure everything makes sense!
Kaktysshmanchik
4:07 PM
Well, these days I’m only playing Subnautica 2. It’s terrifying, yeah. Just yesterday, I was swimming through the ocean - nothing in sight. Quiet. And I was like: this is nice, only water in every direction, the sun is shining... only water... 1500 meters of water under me... quiet... shit.
But I also have Hades 2 and Gothic Remake lined up and waiting. And about a dozen other titles.
So, since you mentioned Valheim - do you play anything else like that? Or anything else you have lined up?

Yup, we have an ongoing campaign, and I’m DMing. I’m a bit stuck at the moment, though. I can’t come up with the next chapter for them. I keep turning an idea around in my head, but I’m getting nowhere.
Using modules is smart, though. Good choice, honestly. I tried that, but one of my players doesn’t know English, and I got tired of translating on top of preparing everything. Plus, I had my own ideas, so I eventually switched to those.
For some reason, D&D felt more confusing to me than Pathfinder. Is it actually more complex, or did I just manage to make a mess of it? How did you end up settling on D&D?
jsammons90
5:10 PM
Nothing like that dread hitting you and then the anticipation of what's to come next! They're so good at building that atmosphere in Subnautica. Hades 2 is fantastic! I was playing that during the Early Access, but I haven't completed the story yet. I've beaten Chronos and the father of monsters (name is escaping me at the moment) a few times each since 1.0 dropped. It's my go to game on my Steam Deck whenever I'm traveling and usually only play it then. How are you enjoying the Gothic remake?

I've got a hand full of games that I'm kinda juggling right now. One is Escape from Tarkov which I've played for years, just started playing some of the Tear Down expansions, Half-Sword, playing through The Last of Us 2 remastered again, on the final phase on a Satisfactory playthrough, and just finished Dispatch last week. That was a fun story. I also just picked up Clair Obscure Expedition 33 to try as well as Scorn and Sifu. I've been a bit all over the place with my games lately lol.

I'm really waiting for a few of the new releases later this year, like Wolverine, GTA 6, and Valheim 1.0.

You're braver than I am running your own story! I've found the modules to be a great way to get the structure of the story together and then kinda change things as I think they would best fit. I would like to create my own story as well, but if I do it I really want to spend a lot of time figuring out all the little details and make it really enjoyable for the players. Ouch - I can imagine having to do a bunch of translating would bog the game down. What level is the party at currently?

That's interesting - do you remember which version of D&D you were playing? I played a bit back when I was a teenager when D&D was on version 3.5. We're currently playing 5th edition which is a lot more streamlined. If I remember correctly, I think Pathfinder was built with inspiration from D&D 3.5 - it's been awhile since I've looked at a 3.5 book or a Pathfinder book, but I feel like there was a fair amount of overlap. I think I actually have my old Pathfinder players handbook around here somewhere....

I personally think that 5th edition D&D is easier than Pathfinder, but that could very will just be bias right now since I've been used to it for awhile now.
You mentioned on your Reddit post that English isn't your native language, but your messages have been perfectly clear so far - I would never have guessed that it wasn't your native language if you hadn't mentioned it!
Kaktysshmanchik
6:42 PM
Oh my, that’s a proper line-up you’ve got. =)
From your list, I’ve played Satisfactory, but that’s already established. Clair Obscur was absolutely gorgeous - I loved the music so much. And the story is wonderful, even though I don’t like the endings philosophically.
I haven’t actually started Gothic Remake yet. It’s just sitting there in the queue.
I finished Dispatch just last month. Great game, perfect cast. Basically, I trusted Critical Role and bought it without checking what it was. What are your thoughts on the game? One thing that bugged me: what are those lines on Robert’s jaw? Is that supposed to be stubble? They look kinda weird.
Oh, I missed Wolverine somehow. I hope they release it on PC - it looks promising, and I’d like to try it.

My party is currently level 5. They all died at level 16 a month ago, so... consequences. =)
Yeah, running my own story was scary the first time. I started with a book: took the idea and most of the characters from it, added traps, locks, clues, planned battles and so on - and there it was.
What level is your party at? Any fun mishaps so far? =)

Nah, I don’t remember which edition I tried. But I think it was 3.5, because that one seems to be the most famous, and I’m not very subtle.
And sure, the bias thing is real. There’s a second edition of Pathfinder now, and it’s way easier than the first. But I just can’t. I’m too used to the first one.

Cheers for the compliment! I just love the language - I read in English, do exercises with AI, and write stuff. I guess I’ve had a lot of practice. And a lot of time to check my grammar obsessively. =)
Are you a native English speaker?
jsammons90
7:22 PM
Haha, thanks - now I've just gotta get through it all! I've heard so many good things about Clair Obscure that I knew I had to play it at some point. I think I'll probably start it up tomorrow and sink a good bit of time into it :).

I really enjoyed the story of Dispatch - I wish it was longer though. I ended up saving Invisigal and romancing her. I'm tempted to play through again and try another path. All of the acting and everything was great though! And I know exactly what you mean about the lines on Robert's jaw! They looked so odd - I assume it was stubble as well, but I'm not sure why they went with that depiction. How did your run go on it?

Here's a link to the Wolverine gameplay trailer that they showed at the PlayStation showcase a few weeks ago: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OiBo_NgYI5Q
It's super violent, but I think it's fitting for a guy with a bunch of razor sharp claws decimating people! Unfortunately, it's only going to be on PS5 - Sony said a few months ago that they're not going to be bringing anymore PlayStation games to PC :/

Yikes! How did the party get wiped out? Are they continuing along with the same story or world or was that the end of that campaign when they died? It sounds like the way you created your story is a great way to do it - have something to adapt from. My party just hit level 6 last Saturday at the end of the session. They consist of a Half-Elf Bard named Maglor, a Dragonborn Fighter/Warlock named Tsuyoshi, and a Dhampir Monk named Lachrymosi. The ended up killing a young white dragon that was terrorizing the area at the end of the last session. The Bard has been doing a lot of crowd control that's been difficult to content with - he keeps getting enemies to skip their turns by using a command spell, so I need to find a way to make things a bit spicier for them - don't want them getting too complacent ;). The Dhampir Monk has a bit of a Dexter vibe going on where he likes to/needs to murder people, which he originally started with being evil people, but has gotten a lot looser with that recently. The session before last he attacked a poor begger and threw him into a cellar. When they came back to town and he checked on him, they found the cellar had been pried open and the beggar was missing. Unbeknownst to them, a shadowy organization in the town saved the beggar to use as leverage against the party!

I thought I remembered hearing about a newer version of Pathfinder. I only ever played the older one myself - it's hard to switch once you're used to something. It's the same with D&D right now - we're doing 5th edition but 5.5 was released a few years ago. I'm happy just to stick with what I know though.

That's brilliant, it seems all of the practice is definitely paying off! Yeah, I'm from the USA originally - moved to Ireland about 12 years ago for my wife (she's Irish). I've loved it here ever since - no way I would go back to the US, especially with everything going on there nowdays. What's your native language if you don't mind me asking?

Also, here's my Steam friend code if you'd like to add me on Steam: 19499683
Kaktysshmanchik
9:38 PM
Yup, I romanced Invisigal too, got the happy ending and all. Who did you let go, though - Sonar or Coupe? Sonar is weird. I consider myself fairly open-minded, but when a bloke has the head of a bat... that might be too much for me.

Gods, that Wolverine gameplay reminds me of something, but I can’t tell what exactly. I thought it might be Prototype, but no - there’s way less impact from each hit.
That’s a pity it won’t be on PC. Oh well, I guess that means there’ll be one less game collecting dust in my Steam library and watching me with an air of disappointment.

Wow, your party sounds really fun.
Seriously though, bards are the worst - their crowd control is obscene. And if the player is charming in real life too, that’s even worse, because then they should probably get advantage on skill checks when they try to chat someone up. Rewarding roleplay and all that.
My party died spectacularly. They got cocky and tried to threaten a king, so he put them in jail, obviously. Then the mage tried to blow a hole in the wall of their cell... so... need I tell you how bad it went? Lots of screaming was involved.
That reminds me of this: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_40-FY6qi30

Yeah, sticking to the old stuff isn’t automatically bad. Especially if we know it well enough to bend it and twist it to make the game more fun - that’s the goal, after all.

Wow... from the USA to Ireland. That’s a lot of ground to cover. And water. I would’ve been so scared.
I actually tried to leave my country too. Well, no way around saying it, is there? I’m from Russia. When putin went completely nuts, I wanted to leave, but I kind of chickened out and came back pretty quickly. Found a lot of excuses to, anyway. So now I’m in a sort of inner emigration - hence all the English around me.
I get that Russia is a loaded answer these days, so no hard feelings either way. But if you’re still happy to add me on Steam, I can add you.
Jun 16
jsammons90
1:53 AM
If where we were born dictated who we are as people, then I'd be in bad shape too. I'm from South Carolina in the US where there's lots of racism and homophobia unfortunately. I don't have anything against someone born in Russia, that's completely out of their control. We're not defined by our birth place, but by the actions we choose to take. So, yes - I would still like to be your friend on Steam 😊.

Like you, I let go of Sonar. I figured if he ended up getting himself tied up by Coupe because he thought he was gonna see boob's, then he was probably a liability. Did you pick Phenomoman or the water power guy first? I went with the water power guy, he seemed to have his heart in the right place.

Maybe the Wolverine gameplay reminds you of God of War? That's the first thing that comes to mind for me. I remember playing a little bit of Prototype back when the first one was out.

Right?! The Bard is just talking his way out of everything and really controlling the flow of the fights with his spells. The player playing him has also gotten plenty of inspiration points too - he recorded himself playing guitar and plays the different snippets for different spells over Discord when he's casting spells. I even gave him an "electric" guitar that doubles as a battle axe and lets him cast a few electric spells each day. I took the inspiration from Death Stranding 2!

Oh no! What a way to go out 😂! I'm sure they all learned a valuable lesson from that experience. Was everyone okay with rolling new characters?

Honestly, getting out of the US was the best thing I ever did. Coming to Ireland got me a family for one thing (we have two kids, 4 and 6), but I was also able to go to college and get my degree in computer science. If I tried to do that in the States, I would be in a ton of debt.

Where did you go to from Russia when you left that time? Was it the lack of knowing anyone and a different place that made you leave and head back to Russia?

I'm curious what the general feel of the war is over there with most people? If you don't want to talk about that, I completely understand.
Kaktysshmanchik
10:56 AM
You can’t imagine how anxious I was about telling you the Russia thing. Especially since you said you’re originally from the US - from here, it looks extremely progressive. Yeah, I knew racism still exists and can get pretty ugly, but I thought the US had more or less dealt with homophobia. According to some people here, the US wants to conquer Russia to make everyone gay or something. XD Or maybe it’s Europe. It changes every day.
I left for Kazakhstan. It was a pretty miserable experience. The country itself is great, but I had no one to talk to, everything was unfamiliar, and renting with dogs was very challenging.
It’s hard to tell how people in general feel about the war. Most people don’t talk about politics, because you never know for sure who’s listening and what the consequences might be. I got a new team at work, and it took me about a year to figure out who was safe to talk to. My friends are great that way, though. Even if there are things we don’t agree on, there’s a general feeling that Putin and his lot should leave. Well, these days we’re bitter enough to say “die,” honestly.
But I also know an openly pro-war guy at work. He’s an interesting specimen. Apparently, the world wants to destroy Russia one way or another. I tried to understand the logic behind it, but he gets angry when you ask too many questions, so...
I think it’s safe to say that the majority is tired of everything and wants to be left alone - that’s what sociology says, at least.
How does it look from the outside?

Yup, the water guy was my choice too. He tries hard and gets bullied for his efforts. He deserved a chance. And I wanted to spite Flambae.
I’m a bit pissed off that there’s only the Invisigal/Blonde Blazer choice, though. After Mercer and half the Critical Role cast showed up in Date Everything (a truly ridiculous thing, but still) I expected more. I mean, there’s Malevola. And Royd.

Ah, yeah, God of War is probably it. Wolverine feels faster, though. Can’t tell if it actually is faster or just looks that way.

Hah, recording spell snippets is a great idea. In my party, there’s a bard who plays a kalimba - badly, but we adore it anyway.
How do you find running the game online? I tried it once, and it went horribly. I didn’t know how to manage everyone, so it was pretty chaotic.

My players like rolling new characters — trying things out, telling new stories. I like that too. Every time they create new characters, they come up with more elaborate backstories that are easier to use in the game for quests. Or just against the players.
Do you make personal quests for your players? Or maybe expand the story of an NPC they like or hate?

Damn... two kids, and you still have time for video games and D&D. Sounds like you have your life figured out. =) I honestly can’t imagine how that’s possible.
Computer science is great, though. I started with French philology and then switched after two years to computer science too. But things change so fast these days that I’m not sure how much of it was actually useful. It was good as scaffolding, I guess. I’m a QA engineer now. What do you do?
jsammons90
12:00 PM
I can definitely understand how telling someone that would make you feel anxious. Have you been met with criticism or hate before after telling someone that you're from Russia? The way that I look at it is that there are good people everywhere in the world, no matter where they're from. There's way too much division and being told that people from a certain place are bad - it's just ridiculous. For the most part, people just want to live their lives and find happiness - it's just certain people at the top that want to drive division as a diversion from the real problem, which is those at the top hoarding everything.

The US is a real mixed bag. I remember a kid when I was in high school bringing in a picture of his fathers KKK outfit. The hatred and racism is alive and well. If you go to bigger cities and stuff, people are a lot more accepting and welcoming, but in rural areas, that's where you'll find the racism and homophobia. I've never heard anyone in the US saying that they want to conquer Russia or anything like that. There's definitely big scare tactics around communism and how awful it is and everything - but it's all just diversion tactics again. Also, so what if people are/want to be gay - let people live their lives, love, and be happy?! XD

Sorry to hear that it was such a challenging experience for you :/. It was incredibly brave of you to leave and go to another country where they spoke a different language and everything though - kudos to you for that. What kind of dogs do you have?

I was wondering if people even felt safe discussing views that oppose the government over there. There seems to always be a news article about people falling out of windows in Russia....I can only imagine how people must feel not knowing if something they say or a view that they have could get them into trouble. It makes me sad to think about people feeling oppressed in that way. Putin is viewed as a madman and warmonger from the outside. The bombings of civilians in Ukraine and stuff just seems to show a carelessness for life. From what I've seen on the news here too, is that a lot of the people being sent to the front lines to fight are those from rural areas, disadvantaged people, or criminals that they've taken from prisons to send off to fight. If people refuse to fight, then they're executed by their own people. Is that anything like what you hear over there?

That guy in work definitely sounds like he's drinking the koolaid...sounds like what you'd get in the US or here if you tried to argue with right-wing people. They get all angry when you start poking holes in their views/thoughts. I just try to avoid them altogether lol.

Haha, that was my thought too regarding Flambae! I came around on Flambae though - I think he was just lashing out because he's a hurt individual himself. Like it's said, hurt people, hurt people. I was wondering if there was any way to romance Malevola - I think that would have been fun and would have been more interesting than Blonde Blazer. Also, having someone like Royd would have been good too, especially with the relationship that Robert and Royd end up having with Royd always being there for you. I've never heard of Date Everything - I'll have to look into that!

I think you're right, Wolverine is faster, but God of War definitely has some of the same ferocity to it at times.

That's awesome - gotta love the commitment to even try! I'm going to have to go and look-up a Kalimba - I'm guessing it's like a string instrument? We do well online - I use Roll20 and we use Discord for voice. I think it's pretty manageable since there's only the three of them and then myself. I really wish we could do it in person though - it's so much better in person. I'm assuming that you guys get to meet up for your sessions then? How often do you have your sessions?

Rolling new characters is great fun - did you start them out at level 1 again or did they reroll at 5? It's great when the players really get into making their characters and put a lot of effort into their backstories as well.
More to come, gotta jump over to a meeting!
jsammons90
1:00 PM
Sorry, picking back up where I was. I do try and weave in personal stories for my players based on their backstories as well. I've got a couple of side missions going for the Monk and the Fighter, but struggling a bit for the Bard to come up with anything. The Monk is being hunted down by a vampire lord named Strahd von Zarovich. A few mercenaries attacked him and tried to capture him, but they were killed. Need to build on it more and set some more breadcrumbs for his side story. The Fighter (who is a Samurai) is definitely the most involved with his side story. His clan have come to the aid of the mining town on Phandalin where the group have been kinda staying and working from over the campaign so far. He went to get assistance from his clan and as they arrived back, a band of orcs sieged the town and the clan helped drive them back. Since the town didn't really have any defenses, the clan have started building walls and are helping guard the town for now. The leader of his clan is also having visions of the dragon God Tiamat returning, which is setting up where I think I will take the campaign after they wrap up a few bits of what they're doing now. The Samurai also took a goblin named Skreevish under his wing and has started teaching him too. The goblin became a party member that I control and I've turned him into a Kensai Monk with the Samurai as his sensai.

What about you? Do you build personal quests as well or expand on NPC's?

Haha, yeah - definitely busy with the two kids! My daughter is visually impaired and is autistic, but you'd never know talking to her or watching her. She's amazing - always willing to try everything. She goes to school normally and everything and can see, just with really poor vision so she has a special needs assistance that sits with her if she needs help with anything. My son is a ball of energy and really likes to push boundaries to see what he can get away with, but will try to charm you to get what he wants. They're both great kids :). It's hard to find the balance of everything, but it's so important to have that time for yourself and unwind and stuff. Games and D&D are my outlet for that. I work for a company called Docusign - I've been with them for 11 years now I think. I've pretty much just been doing support the whole time - Tier 2, Tier 3, Developer Support - now I'm a Subject Matter Expert just writing documentation and stuff - it's super laid back and chill and is also how I get to play all my games - I spend most of my time gaming in work if I'm honest! XD I work from home everyday, so it's really nice. The way I see it, life's for enjoying, so I do what I have to for work and then relax and enjoy my time as much as I can.

Oh cool, so you're testing applications and stuff to make sure that they're user friendly and bug free then I'm assuming? How do you enjoy it? I'm guessing you have a lot of interest in France if you studied it in school for a time?

I can't believe I haven't even told you my name yet - completely forgot in all the chats, I'm Jonathan by the way :).
Kaktysshmanchik
4:09 PM
No, I can’t say I’ve personally been met with anything except interest after telling people I’m Russian. But I’ve heard stories. And honestly, I’d understand a negative reaction. Especially if someone doesn’t know much about my country, which is fair - you can’t pay attention to everything all the time. Besides, the brain usually defaults to labelling people. That’s understandable too, so.

Oh my... a Klan outfit? That’s so... I mean, I don’t even have words. I recently read The Nickel Boys, so it still has its claws in me. And to learn that after all that, some people still choose to be racist... I’ve read other books too, but that one was especially horrifying. I know it’s not how books work, but I was kinda hoping Whitehead’s books had fixed the world a little bit.

“What if people are/want to be gay?” Nah, that’s nonsense. No one would want to be gay. Come on. That’s definitely the influence of the West and the US. One has to be very careful: one wrong movie, one wrong book - and you’re gay. That’s just science.
Well. Joking, obviously.

So is Ireland more chill about race and sexuality?
I have to admit, I know little to nothing about Ireland. I know Dylan Moran, I have a couple of books by Caimh McDonnell, and then there’s Bram Stoker and Oscar Wilde. I also have a book by John Boyne, but I haven’t read it yet. And I saw pictures - it looks stunning.

I have three dogs, so yeah, travelling was... something. =) There are two dachshunds (Phoebe and Youki) and a flat-coated retriever, Jargie. Do you have any pets?

Nah, falling out of windows is mostly for important people. The rest just go to prison.
People who have strong opinions usually know exactly what is safe to say and what isn’t. It’s the people who are “not into politics” who are in danger. The bitter irony is that pro-war activists are now finding out that being opinionated is bad for their health too. It’s sad - I don’t like that people are jailed for words - but I also get unfairly giddy when another war cheerleader gets what they wished on the opposition. I don’t like what I’ve become, but here we are.
And yes, people from rural areas suffer the most. Schools there are usually underfunded, and getting into university is tough, so they often don’t know how to protect themselves. They’re usually poor too, so the money the state offers looks very tempting. That’s the most devastating part. Imagine a boy living in some distant village in poor conditions, and he hears that if he goes to war, he’ll be a hero to his Motherland, he’ll have a Purpose, and he’ll earn more money than he could earn in a year. And the war is portrayed like something from the movies - heroic, glorious, full of brotherhood and all that. Of course he’s going to volunteer.
The rest of what you said is pretty accurate too. It sounds like you follow the news quite closely.

Don’t get your hopes up for Date Everything. It’s ridiculous. But it’s a fun and bizarre idea, interesting to poke around in.

Kalimba is a wooden thingy with metal keys. I only found out it existed when the bard brought one. I’d never heard of it before, but the sound is cute.
Yeah, we meet in person once a week or every other week. It’s a party of four plus me. Yup, in person is great - it’s easier to concentrate, there are fewer distractions, and I can bring props.
Don’t your players talk over each other? How do you manage that? And what about building atmosphere and all that - music, lighting, etc?

And of course they started over at level 1. You die stupidly, you face consequences. =)

Oof... your quests sound great. Feels like there’s a lot going on. And the goblin in the party must be hilarious. =)
Most things I add seem to start by accident. For example, one of my players is a half-elf dragon-blooded sorceress. She died, the party didn’t have enough money to resurrect her, and they made a deal with a druid who was into mushrooms. He fed the sorceress an experimental potion that resurrected her covered in mushrooms and mould. She’s a mushroom now. In a way. Then she was looking for a family relic. She found it, but it was cursed - after a few days, orchids with eyes started blooming on her body. So... now we’ve got a half-elf, half-mushroom, half-flower sorceress with draconic blood. She started a quest to get rid of it all, but then just accepted her fate.
Then there’s a fighter who forgot to come up with a backstory, so he opted for amnesia. Now he has violent flashbacks here and there. And he’s about to find out that he was serving the bad guy willingly and doing his bidding, until said bad guy sold his memories for an artefact. The lesson: don’t forget the backstory.
And I had a wonderful NPC, a half-orc detective. His lover was killed at some point because the party screwed up spectacularly. So I made them watch him find out, then there were a few scenes involving a breakdown and depression. And since they forgot about him afterwards and got distracted, they found him dead in his home. So... that was cheerful. Educational, though. =)

Yeah, I’ve heard about SNAs existing in some countries. That’s so cool, when a state actually cares for its people. How does Ireland treat people with special needs overall?
You sound like a very proud parent. Good for you - that’s really great. Somehow I rarely see that, so this is nice.

Docusign works with e-signatures and documents? Do you ever get pulled into AI-related stuff there? I imagine that must be complicated, but interesting.
I work from home too, so I get it - how laid back it can become. =) I test stuff for a retailer, catch bugs and all that. It’s a nice job, yeah. Working with people can be challenging, though - you have to be very careful not to hurt anyone’s feelings while telling them they’re wrong. AI is a big deal in my field these days too, and teaching people how to use it can be challenging, but satisfying when something gets implemented successfully. But overall, yes, I’m also chilling as much as I can.

No, I can’t say I’m especially into France. I chose French because my English was already pretty decent at that point, so I decided to go with French.
How did you end up in computer science? Were you always into it?

Ah, I’m Kathy. Nice to meet you properly, Jonathan. =)
Sent you an invite on Steam, btw.
jsammons90
5:57 PM
Lovely to meet you, Kathy! :) I accepted the Steam invite a bit ago - thanks very much. I have to say, it's refreshing to actually talk to someone on here and make, what feels like, a friend. There was a point a year or so ago where I was feeling a bit lonely and trying to meet people on Reddit, but it was pretty much a waste of time. It felt like no one really wanted to interact or have a conversation, so this is really nice.

I'm happy to hear that you haven't been met with anyone being a dick about where you're from, but it doesn't surprise me that you've heard stories about it happening to other people unfortunately. I have to say that I don't really know a whole lot about Russian culture, besides probably some stereotypes (vodka) and there's a really cool looking colorful building in, I think, Moscow? Then of course just stuff from the news and history about wars that Russia has been in, but as for the actual people and culture, I don't know much.

Yeahhhh, it was pretty gross - he was really proud of it. I'm sure part of it was just him being young and dumb; I'm hoping he grew out of it, but if I had to bet on it, I'd say not. I've never read The Nickel Boys - I'll have to look it up to see what it's about.

Ah yes, how silly of me - imagine, someone being attracted to someone else OF THE SAME SEX?! Heresy, I say! Heresy! Now if you'll excuse me while I go and fine-tune my sophisticated, American, gay-gun. XD

Ireland is really nice and, for the most part, people are really welcoming. In Dublin, the capital, there's definitely rough areas and some xenophobia - but it's always from the poorly educated and people being whipped up into right-wing bullshit. About a year after I arrived, they had a referendum on gay marriage, and the country voted and gay marriage was legalized by a decent majority - 62% of people voted for it to be legalized. A couple of years after that, they had a referendum about abortion rights and that also passed, legalizing abortion. I just thought it was so cool to see actual democracy at work. In the States, it felt like I didn't have a voice because so many in the State were right-wing, so nothing ever changed. That and the fact that there's a lot of gerrymandering where they draw borders certain ways so that certain parties win votes - it's really scummy stuff.

I can only imagine what it was like to move to another country, battling all of the things that you've already listed, while also having three dogs to contend with as well! Sounds like some lovely dogs though. We only have a cat at the moment - Binx. She's mostly inside and is quite sociable. We used to have two dogs as well, a terrier and a lurcher, but we had to put our lurcher, Charlie, down during covid because his spine started to fuse together and he was in a lot of pain. We had to put our terrier, Bella, down a couple of years ago because she was getting too old and was having trouble walking. She was 17 when we put her down. I love animals though - wouldn't mind having dogs again when the kids are a bit older.

I understand what you mean about being happy for people to get their comeuppance for their views - I feel the same about the people supporting Trump and his administration. It's a lot of the same in America for volunteering for the military. They put out ads showing what a brave hero you will be, when in reality you're potentially throwing your life away for rich white dudes who don't give a shit. This is evident as well by the way that they end up treating veterans after they have served - almost nothing for them to help them deal with the trauma's of war. I used to not follow the news very closely, but then it felt like the world kept getting more and more out of control and I just started taking notice I guess. I think it's better to be informed rather than bury your head in the sand. That said - I don't blindly believe everything I hear on the news either. I know that there's a lot of propaganda and bullshit that is pushed there, too.

Ahhhhh, I've seen one of those before. I just looked it up, really interesting/funky instrument! That's awesome, I wish we could play that often - but I can only imagine how taxing it is on you to keep the content flowing so regularly! Do you have minis and everything? Any of the boards with castles and stuff like that? My players are pretty good for not talking over each other - if two people do start to talk at the same time, one typically stops and tells the other to go ahead lol. As for the atmosphere, we used maps on Roll20 that give a visual representation of things and there is dynamic lighting on that platform, so you can set lighting levels for indoors/outdoors and set how far and in what light the tokens can see. There's also a music library where you can upload music and stuff, so I do that too. I feel like it's pretty immersive, but I would still prefer to play in person if we could! The players are all in different places. One friend is in France and the other two are in Seattle in the US.

Awww, thanks - I feel like they need a lot of work and depth, but I'm sure you're just as critical of your work as a DM too. You.....you. are. diabolical. I love what you did to that sorceress - so much flavor and stuff, very unique. And the fighter who used to be a henchman of the BBEG - *chefs kiss*. I love what you did with the half-orc detective as well. My players did something similar - they infiltrated a gangs base and had used a few resources, so they decided to take a long rest, knowing that someone had been kidnapped. Well, about an hour into the rest, guess who's dead body ended up splatting next to them? They then made up a lie to the town about the rescue attempt - but they learned the lesson that there is very much a clock that is running and they can't always take their time and rest :). Oh, and the woman that they failed to save, she was the local innkeepers wife. The innkeeper went into a deep depression and ended up hanging himself in the basement of the inn.....I'm seeing some scary overlaps in our story telling here! XD

Awww, that's very sweet - thanks very much :). I try to be a good dad as best as I can. I didn't have a very good childhood growing up, so I want to give them better than what I had. Ireland is pretty good for helping those with disabilities. We get some money from the government each month to assist with any extra costs that we may incur to help Maebh with anything she needs. The school she's in has been fantastic with the SNA - not all schools are that good. The government were going to cut a bunch of SNA positions last year too, but there were a lot of protests over it and I think they dropped those plans. How is it in Russia for anyone with additional needs?

That's correct - did you know that or did you look it up? If you knew that, I'm really impressed! Funny you should mention AI related stuff - I've been working on an AI project for a couple of months where they're trying to have an AI chatbot help people before moving on to a live person. I've been having to find documentation gaps where the chatbot doesn't know something or is hallucinating. It sounds like you've got a great job too where you can kick back a bit and take it easy - I like that you and I seem to have a similar outlook on the whole work/life balance there! Dealing with people is definitely the hardest part. I still have to take the occasional case to help a customer and they can be really annoying to deal with. I didn't mind it so much when I was on the Developer Support team, because I was working with technical customers, like programmers and stuff, but the typical customer that doesn't have much of a tech background can be really annoying. Americans are the worst though - they're so entitled. Do you get to play games much while you're working, or do you have to stay pretty focused?

Ahhh, that makes sense. I took French in high-school as an extra language - it was either that or Spanish and I thought French would be more fun. Apologies if you answered this in a previous message, but where did you learn all of your English? I remember you saying it was a way of mentally emigrating for you and that you check your grammar and spelling a lot, but it's so good! Do you mostly just type in English or do you practice speaking to people in English as well?

Well, funny story about how I ended up in computer science. I was always into video games since I was a kid - it was the thing I enjoyed most. When I was in high-school, there was a programming class that people always took and had LAN sessions of Counter Strike in the class. All of the computers were facing in different directions, so the teacher could never see all of the monitors. When it came time for me to take programming, thinking I would just be playing Counter Strike all day, the teacher had reorganized the computers so he could see all of the screens at the same time! So, I figured I might as well actually learn programming while I was there XD. I actually ended up loving the class and took it for all 4 years of high-school. I also learned about building PC's at the same time and built my first PC, so it was all a catalyst for where I am now :). Did you enjoy computer science after you switched to it?

By the way, I'm so happy you're into long messages like I am - I know it's a huge wall of text and if it's ever too much, just let me know to chill the fuck out :).
Kaktysshmanchik
8:45 PM
Yeah, I never thought I’d find someone to actually talk to here. It’s not that I think so little of Reddit - it’s just that I’m old-school, and I thought the internet was for short texts and even shorter conversations.
Your texts are long, sure, but they’re great - very thoughtful. It takes me a lot of time to answer, though. Yeah, I end up checking the grammar a dozen times like a total numpty. I hope that’s okay.

Omg, you had to mention vodka. XD That’s kind of adorable, seriously. The building you’re thinking of is probably St. Basil’s Cathedral. Yup, it’s pretty famous, and everyone knows it along with vodka and bears. You forgot about bears!

Oh, I absolutely recommend The Nickel Boys. The style is rather dry, the author doesn’t actively try to squeeze emotions out of you, but it’s still devastating. It’s about a Black boy who ends up in the Nickel Academy in the 1960s. It’s based on the history of the Dozier School, a real reform school in Florida.
I won’t tell you anything else, except that the whole time I was reading it, I was wearing my “what the fuck” face. It’s absolutely horrible - everyone should read it.

American gay-gun! XD Okay, that was hilarious, and I’m having a bit of whiplash here. XD

Referendums are pretty cool. I like how they do that in Switzerland. Does it work in a similar way in Ireland?
Direct democracy sounds wonderful, although it makes me worry about how a country gets there. Like, if Russia magically became a direct democracy tomorrow, that would probably suck.
As for the US, I barely understand how it works. I mean, it’s bizarre that a candidate can win the popular vote but still lose the election. And yeah, moving the borders around like that... how? I guess I should dive into it and learn how and why the US ended up there. But that’s a problem for tomorrow me.

Damn... I’m sorry about the dogs. It’s always so sad to lose them. How did the kids take it? Or were they too young to understand what happened?
But yeah, having dogs and little children... sounds like a good time. Very chill and easy, I’m sure.

I didn’t know America did so little for veterans. That’s awful. Of course, I know very little about it, mostly from movies, but there people are always saying things like “thank you for your service” and all that. I assumed they were treated well and given proper medical attention and psychological help.
Trump is a nuisance, yeah. I don’t understand how he got elected in the same country that elected Obama. But on the bright side, under the normal two-term rules, this should be his last term.

Yeah, getting everything ready for the game takes time and energy. But the maps and minis are mostly printed. I only make a proper theatre for boss fights: a 3D map made of... er... something like styrofoam, proper minis, maybe even a costume. Nothing grand, just made of hot glue and spite, but still.
It’s great that your players can behave. That takes restraint, especially in heated moments.
Ah, yeah, distance is a bitch. No way around it except for online. I tried Roll20 just to see what it could do, and it felt quite complicated. Do you make your own maps or use ones from the library?
I liked how the lighting works there. And the way you can reveal the map bit by bit. With a printed map, you have to be creative and cover things up. I drag around an RGB lamp too - for mood, you know.

Ah, yup. That’s proper genius - taking a nap while someone is in danger. Seems like they got what was coming. And they lied to the town on top of that? Hah! How far are they from turning evil? =)
Yeah, a story can only benefit from depression and suicide. My half-orc used a rope too. So yeah, great minds think alike. Let’s pretend that’s the case. =)
How did your players cope with the fact that they were partly to blame for the innkeeper's death? Mine laughed, but it was pretty hysterical laughter - I could see the horror in their eyes. Priceless.

First of all, a disclosure: I don’t think I’ve been around people with disabilities much, and I’ve never really discussed this topic in English. So if I write something wrong, I probably didn’t mean any offence. But do tell me.
That said, I wonder how other kids react to children with disabilities in Ireland.
In Russia, the situation is bad. When I was at school, there was a kid a few years older than me who was widely known as “weird.” Only when I grew up did I realise he might have had some kind of condition. And no one ever spoke to us, no one ever explained how to behave around him. So the poor lad had a hard time.
And I don’t think we’ve got much better. Moscow probably has, but that’s basically a whole other country in many ways.
Even if we’re talking about something more visible, it’s still bad. I once took a walk through my city on foot and discovered that there are places you just won’t be able to get to if your legs aren’t in mint condition. Frankly, some streets are so steep that they’re not suitable for people aged 60+, let alone wheelchairs or anything like that. Especially in winter.

Of course I looked your company up. =) I’m not that omniscient. But I’m getting there.
So, was it hard to work on an AI project? As I understand it, no one really knows what’s going on inside huge LLMs like Claude, Chatpgt, etc. Is your model more approachable?
Ah, yeah, I know the pain of working with customers. My first job was in a support group for a huge retailer. Cashiers and others would call and basically yell that nothing worked and “I didn’t touch anything.” Fun times. And I heard horror stories from the team that worked with customers.
Do you have any wild stories?
I remember one guy calling about his PC turning off whenever he inserted a USB. So I told him to wipe static off the back of the PC for starters. Had to stop him from reaching for a wet cloth.

I used to play during work hours, yes. But the last few months have been pretty rough - I was assigned to be a team lead, so I’m either on a call, drafting a report, or staring into the void these days. I hope it gets better.

As for my English... My parents got me into a school where they taught English from 2d grade - usually we start at 7th. And I was lucky enough to get a great teacher. She was very demanding, but fair. Then there were English classes at university too, even though French was the main focus.
And after that... series, movies, games. Books too, these days. And when AI became good enough - chatting with AI.
I don’t usually speak English. There’s no one to listen, except AI. But they don’t actually hear my accent and can’t fix my pronunciation, so that’s the downside.
Did you find French as interesting to learn as you hoped? Do you ever get a chance to actually use it?

Yeah, I liked computer science a lot. Even if I’ve forgotten half of it, it was very entertaining. And now it helps a lot when I build some tool to make my job easier.
Funny how it goes - I got into computers in a similar way, but not exactly. At our school, programming class was exactly what you expected yours to be: just time for playing CS. And I was that girl who came to learn. I bet the teacher hated me. XD
But it was fun. I learned Pascal, Basic, Delphi - all those mammoths. But the basic idea is still pretty much the same. And I think there was some HTML too.
What did they teach you in your programming classes?

Jun 17
jsammons90
12:52 AM
Oh don't worry, I spend quite a bit of time replying too - but I enjoy it. You're a great conversationalist. I feel like most people have very short attention spans these days due to things like Reels, Twitter, Instagram, YouTube Shorts, all that stuff. The only thing that I use is Reddit, can't stand those short videos and stuff. It's amazing, your grammar is much better than most native English speakers, you're doing fantastic! And thank you for the compliment, I really appreciate it!

Hahaha, I never really thought of Bears as being synonymous with Russia! But now that you mention it, the Russian faction in Escape from Tarkov ARE called the Bears, so that makes sense XD. Are there any more nuanced parts of Russian culture that is just Russian that you can think of off the top of your head? Oh wait, I just thought of another stereotypical Russian thing - the dolls inside of dolls!

I'll have to look into getting a copy of The Nickel Boys. I find it hard to actually sit down and read a novel, but you've convinced me for this one. It sounds really interesting, in a terrible way.

Haha, I thought that you'd appreciate my secret weapon - muhahahahaha! You can already feel yourself falling in love with women.....assuming that you don't already fancy women....in which case my weapon worked years ago! XD

I would think that it works the same as Switzerland - it's just a straight-forward vote where you go to your local polling place, vote on the topic in question, and then the popular vote wins. My mind was blown to see it in action when I moved here, but it made me feel really secure in Ireland that they have that power along with the way people voted. So, from like a top level view, how does Communism work for you in Russia? In my very lacking knowledge of Communism, I remember hearing it's where basically everything should be shared between everyone. That said, I know that there are plenty of rich oligarchs in Russia, so obviously some people aren't sharing.... In the US it's pretty confusing. Each state elects representatives that are supposed to vote in their constituents best interests, however politicians are bought and sold like anywhere else. Each state is also divided up into districts for the voting, and that's where the gerrymandering comes in where they would have one large section of democrats that are the actual majority in the state, but they draw the district lines so that the majority in each district is Republican. I actually have no idea how it's legal, it's complete bullshit and has always made me hate the American voting system.

Thanks - we were really sad to have to put the dogs down. They were both great and they came as a pair. Bella and Charlie had been together since Charlie was a puppy, they were best friends, so Bella really missed him too after we had to put him down. You could tell she was depressed. Maebh was just a baby when Charlie died, so she didn't really know him. When we had to put Bella down, both Maebh and Tadhg were very sad. They still talk about Bella at times saying how they miss her.

America is great at portraying nationalism and patriotism, but it really fucks its veterans over hard. There are some benefits like a lot of stores and restaurants might give you a discount, but you get nothing in regards to mental supports for what you had to go through. Health care in America is a joke entirely - fully privatized. If you have to go to the hospital for anything, you're most likely going to be paying off the debt for years. It's totally fucked. I also think that Trump and his cronies are setting up to not hand over power like they're supposed to. I really think there's going to be some serious fuckery going on and they won't let go of power. They've been dismantling all sorts of essential departments and organizations, plundering everything that they can. I've never been patriotic for America, but seeing everything going on makes me sad for the country and for those still there :/.

Ah I've gotcha - that makes sense. You can easily spend a fortune on minis and those really cool 3D landscapes. It's nice that you setup a proper theater for boss fights and stuff - go all out! I'm sure your players really appreciate all of the effort that you put in :). Ahhh yeah - I purchased the modules that we're using in Roll20 (which was a total bitch because I had to buy all my books twice, just to have the virtual copy for Roll20), but the maps and stuff are really well made with all of the windows, doors, walls, etc. setup for dynamic lighting already. I've thrown a few things on myself for some custom maps when needed, but haven't gone through the effort of setting up the dynamic lighting on them or anything like that. They were just small maps for a tumble anyways, like a bar fight. If I was doing a dungeon or something, then I would do all of the dynamic lighting stuff. That's awesome about using the RGB lamp! I'm just imagining you walking around dangling a little RGB lamp over your players heads now! XD

OH! Before I forget, I watched the 'I Cast Fireball' video that you sent this morning and I was laughing my ass off, thank you for sharing that! :D I put it up in my DND group in Discord for the guys to listen to too. The party is DEFINITELY dangling off a tight rope of morality right now, about to plunge straight into the darkness! I added onto the whole thing too about how the innkeeper taking his life means that their son, Pip, is now an orphan too - so I think they may have felt a little bad....but they never really mentioned it again, so I don't think it phased them too much. I guess I really need to drive the point home better next time :).

In Maebh's class, most kids have just been curious when she decides to bring in her walking cane, but she doesn't like to bring it normally. She has loads of friends in the class and no one ever really treats her differently, fortunately. If someone yells to her from far away, saying hello, she can't tell who it is. Before she made all of the friends that she had, we were worried that this would really impact her ability to make friends since they may think she was being rude, but fortunately we raised the concern with the SNA and she really helped her whenever she noticed it. That's really unfortunate about how disabilities are perceived in Russia :/. It sounds like the older guy probably had some learning difficulties or was autistic and no one understood it or what he needed. Poor guy - I can't imagine how it must have been for him.... Fortunately in Ireland, there's a big push for recognizing people have disabilities of all different types and trying to be understanding and accepting of everyone. Also, you didn't say anything wrong or inappropriate in regards to the disabilities, just to let you know :).

Haha, I was going to be very surprised if you knew about it off the top of your head - gotta work on that omniscience ;). The AI project has actually been really boring for the most part. Having to read through people with little to not patience yell at an automated system. It just reinforces my lack of hope for mankind at times unfortunately. I would basically read through the conversation and ensure that all of the information that the bot was giving was correct and flagging if it was making stuff up or not acting as it should, or if it couldn't find a knowledge article for a subject. Lately, I've been creating content for it to use for those times that it missed things or didn't provide enough context. I just give that to the project manager and I believe they upload it into the system for the bot to use. I don't get to see anything under the hood. The one that we're using is called Sierra - have you heard of it? I think you use AI a bit, do you have a favorite?

Hahaha, I learned very quickly in support that the end user is basically always lying, whether they know it or not. The 'I didn't touch anything' excuse is almost always bullshit! As for wild stories, let's see.....the first one that comes to mind was a case a couple of years ago that I refused to take. It was being escalated from Tier 1 or 2 and the person told the woman, who was based in Israel, that we don't support Hebrew. He was wrong, as Hebrew can be used on Docusign, but she took it as Docusign doesn't support Israel and she just wanted to yell at people. I told the escalation manager that I'm not going to take the case and talk to some woman who is politicizing something like this. The escalation manager got all pissed off with me but I stood my ground and told him I wouldn't take it. My manager ended up reaching out and asking me not to do that again, but I told him I didn't regret my actions and that I wasn't about to get on a call with a woman who wanted to yell about something like that at me. I told them that they should just involve legal since the woman was threatening to just go and tell everyone that Docusign hates Israel. I do remember another dude that everyone realllllly hated to get when he called in. I can't remember what the dudes name was now, but he was an absolute asshole. He was always using Docusign for Salesforce via CPQ which was an annoying integration for already a third-party integration. We would always try to help him the best we could, but he thought we should be experts on an integration inside a third-party integration. I remember seeing his name come up a time or two and just not picking up the case. Last one - this was a long time ago in the states when I worked at Best Buy (electronic store) and I was part of their in house tech team called the Geek Squad (so insulting). There was a desk that people could bring their computer up to and we would plug it in to diagnose what's going on for them. When you plugged it in, everyone standing around, customers and all, could see what was on the monitor. So I plug this dudes computer in and up comes his desktop with the background being just loads of women with their breasts out. I unplugged the computer very quickly and had to move it to a more private monitor to actually check for all of the viruses that this dude definitely had from downloading porn. What about you, what horror stories do you have for me? The dude about to short circuit his PC is a good one!

Ouch, sorry to hear that. That's a bummer that you have to pay so much attention right now. I hate having to do reports and stuff - I find it hard to stay focused and not have my mind wander to other things. How long have you been a QA engineer at this company?

Oh wow, that's so cool! So both of your parents were teachers? If you ever want to, I'd be happy to chat on Discord sometime - I'm sure you'd like to speak to someone in English at some point. My Discord is Dante#4308 it looks like. No pressure or anything - just if you would like to. I enjoyed learning French, but it was pretty useless to learn back in high school. I forgot most of it before I moved to Ireland where I do work with a lot of different French people and have a few French friends. I remember some words, but not too much. The school that my daughter (and son next year) go to is actually an Irish speaking school (Gaelic), so I'm trying to learn that language here. It's not used too much, it's kinda more of a heritage thing here. It died out a lot when the British invaded and outlawed the Irish from speaking it. That's when English slowly became the standard spoken language here. Have you studied any other languages besides English and French?

Oh wow, you guys got into the nitty gritty in your programming class! Let's see, I remember that the first year we did qBasic, second year we studied Oracle databases, third year I think was Java, and I can't remember what we did fourth year - maybe C++? I didn't actually touch any HTML until college along with JavaScript and stuff. It's nice to have the know how to make tools or integrate tools that make your job easier. I do remember that the programming teacher was my favorite though - Mr. Rosser. We used to chat a lot about the world and being smart, doing your own research into things - stuff like that. He was a cool dude. Did you have any teachers that you really enjoyed while growing up, besides the English teacher? Is school in Russia like a standard kinda start at 5/6 up until about 18 for basic education, then college after that?
Also, thank you as well for being so thoughtful with all of your replies and stuff - I really appreciate it.
Kaktysshmanchik
2:02 PM
Ah, matryoshka - a doll inside a doll. Yup, those too.
It’s usually hard to tell what the iconic things from your own country are. Norms are hard to pinpoint because they’re something you’re so used to that you stop noticing them. But many anthropologists say Russia is Olivier salad (a mayo-filled monstrosity), dachas (as in planting a shitload of cucumbers or whatever and then not knowing what to do with them in autumn), and an obsession with literature. Even though not many people read much these days, Pushkin is still our everything.
What about Ireland? I can’t even think of one dumb stereotype.
As for the US - smiling. In Russia, people are supposed to think of it as horrible and fake, but actually, most think it’s great. Better than wearing a murder-face.

The Nickel Boys is pretty short too. My copy is about 200 pages, so it’s not very demanding. Except emotionally.

But of course, I’m gonna fancy women from now on. Frankly, I should have started ages ago, when I saw my first foreign movie. I believe it was Aladdin. Although it didn’t work back then - I had a huge crush on Aladdin himself. Disney did a sloppy job corrupting kids.
What about your childhood fictional crushes?

Mate, I hate to break it to you, but we don’t have communism in Russia. =) The idea died with the USSR, and that’s great. The USSR was trying to build socialism, and communism was the wet dream. It fucked up our economy greatly, and that’s one of the reasons we have Putin now.
After the USSR collapsed, there were reforms to integrate our economy with the rest of the world. Before that, all prices were regulated by the state, and when businesses were allowed to set actual prices, they raised horribly. It even led to famine in some places. Then, slowly, prices started to even out and become more sane.
And as we hit the good years, Putin came along. So from many people’s point of view, it was like this: the USSR was bad but bearable, Yeltsin came and brought horrible poverty, then Putin came and fixed everything.
But in reality, the USSR planted a bomb under our economy, Yeltsin got rid of it, but it blew up in the process (I don’t know for sure, but it seems like there was no way around that), and Putin came when Yeltsin’s work started to pay off. So people fell in love with the wrong person.

Damn... the American voting system is very confusing. That’s why I like referendums. The simpler, the better. That way they have fewer chances to tweak the result.
Yeah, if Trump doesn’t leave, that’s going to be a shitshow, since the US is so powerful. From what I’ve heard, some institutions still stand, so there’s hope. And we’re going to have to look at the results of the 2026 elections - maybe that will help too.
But yes, if a country like that becomes an autocracy, that would be awful.
Russia's supposed to have parliamentary elections this year too. Can’t wait. It won’t do anything, but some polling stations will show honest results, and I want to have a look.

Yeah, buying your books twice sucks. I don’t know about TTRPG books, but speaking of ordinary books, there’s a publishing company in Russia that prints a QR code in their books. You can scan it and get access to the e-book and sometimes even the audiobook. That’s so cool. They could’ve done something like that for D&D books, since there are a lot of them and I believe they’re quite expensive.
TTRPGs are more expensive than one’d think. XD Books, minis, terrain, dice (lots of them. More. MORE!). But I like making stuff. I attached some pictures - there’s terrain for a boss fight and horns I made for our sorceress.
Do your players make props for their characters? I remember the bard’s spell snippets, but I mean physical ones.

It’s great that you appreciated the song. Dominik Witka has some pretty neat stuff. He writes the lyrics, but the music and vocals are AI. I don’t like the idea of AI music in general, but since he’s open about it, and the main course is the lyrics, I guess it’s okay. Not everyone is gifted enough to play an instrument and sing.
OMG, you’re evil, adding an orphan too! I think if that were the case, my players would’ve tried to find him a home - and made everything worse in the process. They’re gifted that way.

Aw, it’s so great that the kids and, I assume, the teachers are normal at Maebh’s school. That’s priceless. But also a bit sad that it feels unexpected.
Yeah, I don’t know what the deal was with that guy from my school, but I’m sure he wasn’t having a fun time. What bugs me most is that I suspect the teachers didn’t know either. Otherwise, someone would’ve said something.
Moscow is way better that way. In places. But mostly, parents prefer special schools for their kids, because teachers there are trained to work with children with special needs, while other teachers often won’t know what to do with a kid who’s different in any way.
What about bullying in general? How does Ireland handle it? In Russia, it’s mostly treated as something that “strengthens one’s character,” but we have a few private schools that work beautifully with it. Mostly by making sure the kids know people are different in different ways, and that it’s a good thing. They talk about family traditions, religion, ancestry, anything that makes them unique. They say it helps a lot. And they talk to children a lot in general, to make sure everyone is safe.

Oh, yelling at an AI seems to be some kind of sect I wasn’t invited to. I read r/ChatGPT sometimes, and it puzzles me how much people argue with AIs. Like, do you argue with your kettle too? Do you regularly yell at your toaster?
Nope, I haven’t heard of Sierra. I mostly use ChatGPT. Sometimes Claude, but since GPT5.5, I’ve abandoned Claude entirely - 5.5 is great for my purposes. I would have loved to work with Gemini, but I can’t seem to access it. VPN doesn’t help somehow. I can only access it from my PC, but that’s for gaming, so.
In Russia, we have our own AI - Alice. But I don’t feel safe using it. Besides, it’s less advanced than the usual top 3.
How good is Sierra for your purposes? Do you use anything else?

Wow. From “we don’t support Hebrew” to “DocuSign hates Israel.” Great thinking, that.
And the integration thing... yeah, I kind of get it. I sometimes have to test integrations within my product, and the chain can be really long. Sometimes people think that since I requested the test, I should know what’s going on in their systems as well as in mine. Sometimes others seem to know sod all about their own systems. There are great specialists too, but they’re not as memorable as the morons.
Geek Squad is... that’s a choice. But the porn dude is hilarious! I had a situation vaguely resembling yours - a guy shared his screen and accidentally minimised all his windows, showing his desktop with a pretty gifted lady as his wallpaper. Not tits out, but close enough. Thankfully, there was no one else to see that.

Yeah, I have some stories too.
The most horrifying one actually happened to my colleague. A customer got through when he was working a night shift. Our line was never meant for customers - only office and shop workers. And that customer was some creep who kept telling my colleague he was going to come and kill him, asking him where he lived, where he was, all that. On the bright side, said colleague was sleepy and didn’t get half of it, so he wasn’t freaked out. Eventually, we found out that the man had been harassing the girls from the call centre for a while, and no one was doing anything about it - so they passed the call to our team when he called again, because they were scared.
There were also a lot of funny guys who thought they knew their computers better than I did. So if I told them to do something instead of sending a request to the IT guys, they would rage and demand to talk to a supervisor. It was so satisfying to watch the supervisor repeat my instructions to them with a straight face.
Oh, and once a month there was a period when everyone had to change their passwords. Obviously, many people stalled until their accounts were blocked. Yeah... those were fun times. “I reset your password to the default one - Euroset@1. Capital E, S like dollar sign, @ is Shift+2.” I remember that phrase even though it was more than 10 years ago.
And we used to have a favourite city - Yekaterinburg. Everyone was so sweet there. You’d see their prefix in the incoming call, and you could tell it was going to be easy and pleasant.

I’ve been in QA for 11 years. Oh my... that’s a lot of years. o_O
And in this exact company... I think I’ve been here for about 8 years. Gods. That’s a long time. I would’ve tried something else, but not during these times.
What would you do if money and education weren’t a problem?
I think I’d get into something book-related. Maybe become an editor. Or write some shitty novels.
Do you have any tricks for working from home? In my team, people are always going on about how they organise their work - white noise, work clothes, timers, some obscure techniques. And here I am, just rolling out of bed and to my laptop, hoping for the best.

“Both of your parents were teachers” - nah, I phrased that poorly. I meant they chose a school for me that started English classes earlier than most.

I do have Discord, but I don’t really use it much. We could play something sometime, yeah? On work days, I’m free in the evenings. If we’re speaking GMT+0, it would be roughly from 5 PM to 9 PM. Weekends are more unpredictable. I usually fill them during the week if something comes up. Whatever comes up first wins.

Yeah, I’ve heard there’s some bitterness about English replacing Irish. That’s understandable. On one hand, it’s great when people can understand each other easily. But when it’s forced, it’s just unfair and really fucked up. Russia does it with languages like Tatar. Or Ukrainian in occupied territories.
But I’m a bit pissed off with American English on behalf of British English too. =) I love northern dialects. All those words like bloke, meff, scran, gegging in (my favourite right now), and others are slowly disappearing. It’s not the same as what happens to languages in Russia or what happened to Irish, but still.

I did try learning German and Korean, but never had any luck there. I just didn’t see the point in the end.
Apart from French and Irish, did you ever try learning any other languages? How does Irish language treat you so far?

Oh, you actually learned useful things in your programming class. That’s cool. Our classes were less up to date. =) At least they gave me the idea and some basics. The logic stays the same in any language anyway - do it right, and it’s going to work right. Or something like that.
I can’t say I had many teachers I actually liked. My maths teacher was great, but at some point she left for another school, and I got awful at it immediately. One of my history teachers was great too, but she only worked with us for a year or so. There was also a literature teacher... I can’t say I liked her, but she made me send my short story to a contest, and I even won something.
Tell me something: here we have this idea that US kids are very competitive and don’t help each other out. Like, no one would let you copy their homework and such. I figured it’s because they’re pressured to be the best at everything, to excel, to have a chance in life. But is that even true?
I guess if I had to imagine a US school, I’d imagine something from a movie. Those don’t seem like a very reliable source. =)
Ah... Of course I forgot the pictures








heart_eyes
1
jsammons90
3:58 PM
Your pictures are brilliant! Nice work on everything, I'm very impressed with your craftiness. You must be a creative type that's good at making things like this if you can make that. Because of the horns that you made for your sorceress, have you ever done any cosplay costumes or anything like that? I really like all the mood lighting, too!

That's a good point about things just becoming normal in the country that you're in. I think I've heard/seen Olivier salad before....I don't think it looked too appealing. I'm not a picky eater either - I'm vegetarian, but just by choice. I grew up eating meat and everything, still think it tastes nice too - but just don't feel like things have to die for me. No problem if other people want to eat meat either - to each their own. Do you have any food quirks? I have never heard of this dachas - I'm just imagining some farmers in Russia planting shit loads of cucumbers each year and each year being confused as to why they planted so many and what a waste it was.

I love chatting to people from different cultures - I end up learning so much. I had never heard of Pushkin until now and was just reading a Wikipedia page on him - very interesting!

Oh, just off the top of my head for Ireland - leprechauns, potatoes, and Guinness. There's a stereotype that the Irish love to drink, but a lot of pubs have slowly been going out of business over the years because people are drinking less and less. Funnily enough, a lot of people have suddenly started going to saunas instead of the pub - so that's probably a win for society. As for America, I can think of red necks (dumb people in rural areas), guns, big trucks - stuff like that. All of that is mostly just the South though - I'm used to seeing plenty of all of that. One thing that I never really thought of though, and people in Ireland mentioned, was customer service in the US was always so good and people were really nice and accommodating. Funny about the smiling, I like to smile and I'll do a little hello smile to people as I walk past here. Some people are friendly and will smile back, but I feel that the majority don't. Another stereotypical Russian thing that I've seen is when a Russian person is depicted, they look quite gloomy and don't say much - I don't think I've ever seen a Russian person portrayed as happy.

Haha - I knew that the gay-gun would work....you're welcome....I think? Once you're happy! Oh yeah, Jasmine was fine in Aladdin too - definitely had a crush on her. Biggest crush I can think of from when I was a kid was probably Milla Jovovich as Lee Loo in The Fifth Element - have you ever seen it? I used to watch that movie on repeat as a kid. Oh yeah, Scott Pilgrim vs. the World where Mary Elizabeth Winstead acted as Ramona Flowers - something about women with colorful hair is just so hot. Did you have any others other than Aladdin?

Aaaaaaaand my ignorance is showing again - I thought I put that away. XD Interesting to hear about everything from someone living in the society, ya know? Funny that Putin just inherited the fixes, right place at the right time. Seems like that happens a lot - I've certainly seen it in the States as well. So, you said that the USSR was trying to build socialism - is Russia a socialist country now then, or would it be categorized differently? Do you live in Moscow yourself, or in another city?

KISS - Keep It Simple Stupid. I hate when things are overly complicated for no reason like the US voting system. It sounds like you're about as hopeful for reform and change as I am currently. Is there the semblance of any rumblings of change or anything over there? There's a subreddit that I follow called r/50501 where they're always putting up protests and stuff going on in the states against ICE (basically immigration police) which gives me some hope, but I think way too many are just complacent.

That's amazing about that publishing company with the QR codes - so rare to see companies do something nice for the people purchasing their items! I wish that they had something like that here. I didn't HAVE to buy those books really for Roll20, they just make life easier. Two of the guys in the group aren't very familiar with the D&D systems, so by me buying the books, it makes it easier for them to level their characters up and stuff because they can access everything in Roll20. Otherwise, you can do it manually on your character sheet, but I think they found it a bit confusing/intimidating. Yeahhh, TTRPGs are really expensive to get started. At least once you have the books, you're sorted unless you ever decide to change versions. It's just all of the other extra stuff then, like you mentioned - dice, minis, maps, etc. Your dice comment had me laughing, I love buying dice too. Unfortunately, I lost my big bag of dice when we moved :(. I can't figure out where it ended up, but I have a feeling that it may have been thrown out by accident. It makes me really sad and I'd like to get more, but there's really no point right now since I don't have anyone to play in person with.

I think the closest that I've gotten to props would be some notes and stuff that I created for players and uploaded into their journals in Roll20. It's nothing fancy, I'll upload a couple after I finish replying though :). Oh, just realized after re-reading that you mentioned my players making any props. Nah, my buddy that's the Bard is definitely the most into it. The other two are definitely just more along for the ride. I could see them getting more invested as we keep playing though. They're pretty new to TTRPGs.

Wow, I had no idea that the music and vocals were AI - I never would have guessed unless you told me. I'm the same, I'm not really a fan of AI being used for art and stuff since it's basically just using available information to create stuff from other peoples work. Crazy how good it's getting at replicating stuff though. Hahaha - yeahhhhh, I wanted to drive the point home. Elsa, the barmaid, ended up kinda taking over the pub and taking the boy in. Haven't really done anything else with it, I should probably sprinkle in some more hints of childhood trauma and depression in, just to make them feel worse :D!

Fortunately, bullying is really tolerated here. I don't think it's a way to toughen people up or anything like that - I think it's a form of lashing out from people that have been hurt/bullied at home. No one in Maebh's class has been a bully or anything like that yet, but there are definitely kids that go around causing trouble in the area. There's a playground across the street from our house where some teenagers like to go and hang out and fuck with other kids. There's been a few reports to the Gardai (police), but kids are really protected from any sort of repercussions here. The parents of the kids have been approached about it and don't care either, so nothing is being done at home. You see the same stuff in Dublin as well, and the bullying is usually all racism. Part of me thinks that the kids just need to get the shit kicked out of them for a bit of respect, but then I know that they're probably lashing out due to lack of care at home really. I don't think people are inherently bad, it's just what I said in a previous message - hurt people, hurt people :/. It's nice to hear that there's acknowledgement and awareness there about it too. Do you think it's a growing trend with awareness or has it always been pretty much the same?

Right?! I don't understand what people expect to get out of yelling at a bot....I see people asking to speak to a human, and the bot will ask for a name and email address to transfer them, and they'll just refuse to give the information and will instead ask to speak to a human. It goes into this loop between the two until the human just gets fed up and disconnects. It's just bizarre to me. I've never really gotten onto the AI train to be honest. There's a few things that put me off - one is the impact that it all has on the environment. I see some of the stupid shit that people generate and all I can think about is the water wasted in data centers and stuff to produce it.....also how all of these tech company CEO's and stuff just try to cram it down everyone's throat. Then there's also artists losing jobs and basically having work stolen - there's just a lot that rubs me the wrong way. Also how it's not AI, it's all LLM's. When I was in college, we spoke about AI and what would qualify as it, and now they've just moved the bar to calling that another form of AI, the exact name is escaping me at the moment. I wonder why you wouldn't feel safe using an AI created and owned in Russia (joking obviously - I know damn well why)? Sierra seems fine - it pulls information correctly a lot of the time and gives good information, but it's funny how often people just dismiss the correct answers to speak with a human instead!

Yeah, that woman was really something else. I think she just woke up that morning looking to fight with someone. Fuck, what a weird creepy guy just wanting to scare women. I wonder if they ever ended up just blocking that dudes number or something. Makes you wonder as well what happens to a person in their life for them to want to do that in their free time, ya know? Ha! I love it when misogynists get put in their place. I hate the way people will assume that a woman won't know how to do something or isn't capable, just because they have a vagina. Sounds like you had a good supervisor then :). The story about password resets reminds me of plenty of cases in Docusign about authentication changes coming or SSO cert renewals happening. For the auth change, we were changing our API auth from a pretty basic base64 encrypted password to OAuth 2 and we had started warning people about 3 years in advance. Fast forward 3 years, tons of people applying for extensions and saying that we never warned them -_-. Same with SSO certs when they expire - we typically start making people aware a few months before hand, but there are always people the end up locked out of their account because they failed to update their certs. Well, if I were to ever have to live in Russia, it sounds like Yekaterinburg is the place for me XD!

Yeahhh, the whole Geek Squad thing....people would actively walk up for help and make fun of you right before they ask you to fix something....you really had to temper your words to not tell people to go fuck themselves at times!

Kinda crazy when you stop to think about it at times, huh? I can't believe I've been in Ireland for 12 years, Docusign for 11 now....it really does feel like the months just fall off the calendar these days. You're being smart to not go moving around I think, might as well enjoy what you have, once you're not miserable that is. Honestly? I'd probably just play games or do D&D....actually see friends in person again. Yeah, definitely miss that - I don't have any friends living in Ireland now. My oldest friend, who's like a brother to me, lives in the US still. My other friend that I still talk to most days, the Bard in our party, funnily enough he's from the States too, met him in Ireland, but he lives in France with his wife now. I used to go over to their place with my PC back when they lived in Dublin and we'd hang out and have game sessions....I miss that. So yeah, I would definitely just like to hang out with people in person again if money was no object. Maybe do a bit of traveling and stuff - go check out Japan again. Oh! I'd finally be able to take up blacksmithing. I did a day course a couple of years ago where you forge a knife - I still have the knife - I'll send a picture of it. But I really loved it. I want to get a forge and anvil and stuff setup, but money is just tight right now. I like yours too - do you ever do anything writing now? Short stories? Poems? Sorry - that just reminded me of an Irish writer who does a podcast every Wednesday, really interesting guy. He wears a bag over his head to protect his identity, calls himself Blind Boy - https://open.spotify.com/episode/3gWePWV8A5OtNeh8PNJBjD. I think you might enjoy it?

You and I are the exact same. No ceremony here, if I could, I'd just roll out of bed and head over to the PC. Instead, a typical morning is my alarm goes off at 7 and I get up with the kids. Get them breakfast, get them dressed, make their snacks for the day, unload/load the dishwasher, and help get Tadhg out the door. Then after Tadhg and Joanna are gone, I walk Maebh to school. Walk back home and finally get some breakfast for myself before starting work! I dig your style. Are you a morning person at all?

Ahhhh, gotcha - that was really forward thinking of them to get you started earlier. Do you think it's made a difference for you at all career wise or anything? Also, do you have any brothers or sisters?

Oh yeah, I'd definitely be down to game some time! Anything in particular that would tickle your fancy? Do you use something other than Discord for chatting typically? Might be hard to find a good time for both of us - speaking about GMT +0, that's around the time everyone is arriving home and I'm making dinner and getting everything ready for them (even though I don't finish work until 6:30 PM). The kids are usually in bed around 8PM, but it can take awhile for them to settle at times. Maybe we could give it a shot this evening? Once I have the kids in bed, I should be okay to jump on for a bit. I know you're a few hours ahead too, so I want to be conscious of your time. Weekends are hard for me too - I usually play games every other Friday night after the kids are in bed. If it wasn't for playing games during working hours, I would really have very little time to play to be honest. Also, my wife doesn't know that I play games at work, sooooo that makes it a bit difficult when she's around lol.

Fucking imperialism, man. People coming in and trying to totally conquer a people, including wiping away their identity via their languages and cultures - it's screwed up. Haha, I still spell things the American way mostly too. I've adopted a lot of the British English version of things though, like Aubergine instead of Eggplant. I've really noticed your fondness with some of those words - like mate, bloke, stuff like that. I'm not familiar with gegging, let me see what that is.....hahaha, I love it. Can't believe I haven't heard that one yet. One that you'll hear a lot in Ireland is craic (spoken like crack). You would see someone and say, "Any craic?", which would mean like, "Anything going on?" or "Any news?". You'll also hear the Irish say, "Come here to me" which means "listen to this" or "Go away!" which means "I don't believe you!" XD.

I did try to learn Japanese at one point because I was in love with Japan and really wanted to move there when I was younger, but I didn't get very far into learning it. Besides that, I've just picked up a few words from a few different places, like Spanish or German, just simple words though. I like to try and pick up a few basic words for a place if I'm going there - I think the local people appreciate it when a foreigner tries to use the language a bit and I think it's a kind thing to do. I took a few nights of beginner classes of Irish, but I got busy and didn't get to do more. I really need to try and sign-up again, because Maebh's homework is all in Irish and everything; I'm learning when I help her, but it's hard to help her in a language that I'm not fluent in! I have a 'coupla focal' (few words in Gaelic). Is there any other language that you'd really like to learn? Also, do you like to travel or get to travel much?

You're absolutely right there - the basic concept pretty much stays the same. Loops, If/Else/Then, objects, all that stuff. Once you have a basic understanding of what's what, it's mostly just learning what the language is capable of and the syntax for the language. Do you still do much coding or anything now?

It's crazy what a difference a teacher can make. I always liked maths in school, up until high-school where I got the same teacher a couple of years in a row. I don't know what it was, but I just couldn't do well in her class. I did the homework, participated in class, but then would fail the tests. I blame her, it made no sense to me. A lot of people didn't like that teacher, to the point where some students when and paint-balled her house one night. That's awesome about your short story! Was the award anything cool? I also did engineering in high-school and that teacher, Ms. Brooks, was really nice. Kids tormented that poor woman though...I remember her breaking down and just crying in her office one day. She was really nice and lax, and kids took advantage of that :/.

Haha, that perspective of American schools sounds a lot like the perspective that I've heard about Chinese schools - that they're super competitive and stuff! Nah, at least when I was in school, people shared homework and test answers all the time - nobody was uptight about any of that. Kids typically looked out for one another, once you got along reasonably well. There were definitely divides amongst who spent time with who though. You had the preppy kids (rich kids), nerdy kids, black kids, goth/emo kids, and sporty kids. Everyone mostly sat within their groups for the most part, but there wasn't too much fighting or anything like that. I was always hanging out with people in the nerdy or goth/emo groups. Also, my high school looked more like a prison with chain linked fences and everything around it. I know some school as well have metal detectors to check for weapons on the way in, but mine didn't. What was it like for you when you were in school?
I think our messages are getting longer XD
_Jun 17, 2026_01:59_0.jpeg
_Jun 17, 2026_02:00_0.jpeg
Came across my pathfinder rulebook that made me think of you, too!

Wanted post for the Monk

The token for the Goblin Monk, Skreevish XD
Kaktysshmanchik
9:08 PM
Nah, I’ve never tried proper cosplay - I lack the patience for that. Measuring everything, assembling it all... cosplay people are monsters in that regard. I can’t even imagine how much work it takes to make a proper costume.

Well, a dacha is something you buy for recreation - and then you end up armed with a shovel. Every person my age in Russia is traumatised by it. =) I remember being dragged there to plant things so they’d grow into things we’d later have to figure out how to use.

I don’t think I have any food quirks. I eat pretty much everything. But I’ve been into scouse lately and other basic British meals.
I don’t think I could become a vegetarian. It feels like that takes a lot of discipline, no? And balancing your meals seems like quite a bit of effort too. I’ve only managed to switch to fish maybe 70% of the time.

Ah! How could I forget about leprechauns? Shame on me. But for me, potatoes = Belarus. Come to think of it, I’m not even sure why...
I know about rednecks! =) There’s even a fun game called Immortal Redneck: https://store.steampowered.com/app/595140/Immortal_Redneck/
“I don’t think I’ve ever seen a Russian person portrayed as happy” - oh, that’s not a stereotype. XD That’s just a fact. You go outside, you put on your murder-face. We even have a meme: “Russia is for sad ones.” Or something along those lines. There used to be a nationalist slogan, “Russia is for Russians,” and people twisted it.

Yeah, The Fifth Element was huge here - every other boy fell for Milla Jovovich. Some things are universal. =)
But Scott Pilgrim wasn’t really a thing here. I watched it a few years ago, like most of us. Not sure how we missed that one.
Jasmine is great, though. I think I was also into Captain Nemo from Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Seas by Jules Verne.

Nah, we’re pretty much capitalists these days. I think we copied that from the US. Even with the war going on, the economy has never been fully militarised, which is wild.
I’m from a smaller city than Moscow. Moscow is another world entirely - more money, more businesses, more entertainment. The war is less visible there, though that’s changing now, since Ukraine has learned to fly drones through all the defences. But I guess you could say that about most capitals, yeah? Well, not the drones part =)

Yeah, levelling up can be tough, especially for a new player. That’s great that you thought about your less experienced players.
Well, even though you don’t need physical dice right now, who knows what will happen tomorrow, right? You should be prepared. I bet you need at least three sets of dice... just in case. Better be ready for anything.
The goblin on the token looks so serious! I imagined something more like Nok-Nok from Pathfinder: Kingmaker. He was adorable.
The poster is neat too. I like props like that.
I use AI to generate my NPCs sometimes, and some of my players generate pictures of their characters too. It can be a lot of fun. I’ll try to remember to send you a few.

Ah, teenagers are the worst sometimes, yeah. Here, bullying is normal - it’s at school, at work, in families, at university. The army has bullying ingrained in it too. Even before the war, and now it’s more like torture than bullying, frankly. So I think the general vibe is partly to blame. When a kid feels like it’s tolerated and pretty much normal, they’re going to bully someone. But your angle sounds plausible too. Maybe we’re still missing something else.
But yeah, it feels like it’s getting better in some places. I mean, people have started talking about it, and that’s a start.

“Another form of AI” - AGI maybe? Yup, the bar keeps moving.
I use the term AI mostly because it was the first one I came across - LLM came to me later. =)
As for the environmental impact... I don’t know. Yeah, it has one, like everything else. Let me put it this way, using another example. In Russia, a lot of people started organising around recycling, building communities and infrastructure. But then the war started, and most of us - including me - just stopped. You sort your sad little plastic bag, drag it to a recycling point on the other side of the city, and then watch bombs going off and politicians yelling about how great it would be to nuke someone. And you end up asking yourself: what’s even the point?
That’s kind of how I feel about AI too, at least for now. I can’t say I won’t change my mind tomorrow, though. I’ve changed my mind about a lot of things - why not this too?
And there’s also the fact that I just can’t work without it these days. It’s all about speed, everyone wants people to be more productive. I can write an SQL query myself, say, in ten minutes - if I also need time to search for the fields I need and figure out how everything connects. AI does it in seconds, and I get to keep my job. =)

Yeah, I bet a lot of problems and support calls could be avoided if people actually read their emails. That’s what they’re for, after all.

Oh, I’m sorry - that sounds awful. It sucks to be far away from your friends.
It’s great, though, that you all still get to spend time together, even if it’s online. But that’s still not quite the same, I guess.

The knife is really cool. Blacksmithing sounds wonderful, but yeah, probably not the best-paid career these days. What do you think you’d be making if you were a blacksmith?
I do write stuff from time to time. Nothing major. Sometimes short stories, sometimes something longer. I do have a plan for a book, though I don’t think I’d follow through with it - I’d probably get distracted halfway through.

Hell no, I’d be dead in a week if I had to wake up at 7 AM. 9 is the earliest I can do. Your morning routine sounds like something from a nightmare for me. XD
7 AM! That’s horrible!

I don’t know about career, but I do think knowing other languages helps you think like other people do. Even if we just take vocabulary, for example. There’s no Russian word for “bigot.” Sure, if you type it into a translator, it’ll give you something, but not remotely the same meaning that English gives it. You get a word, you get a category, and you get to think in new ways. There’s something about language that changes you - makes you think more broadly, see other people as actual people with their own stuff going on.
Of course, humanity won’t be cured one language at a time, but it still counts. A little bit.
Don’t you feel like learning French changed you at all?

Well, my English is a bit of everything, really. Since school. We were learning trucks instead of lorries alongside biscuits instead of cookies, and no one ever told us there was a difference between British and American English. I didn’t know about aubergine, though. It was eggplant for me. =)
Yeah, languages are great. I adore how English gets tweaked and twisted until it fits anyone. I’d never heard those Irish phrases you mentioned before - that’s wonderful.
Just recently I learned about AAVE while reading The Color Purple. Half of it is written in AAVE. It was very hard for me to chew through, but I did love how it sounds.

Learning new languages is tough at our age. =) But it seems like you don’t really have a choice, so that’s motivation at least.

I’m not very fond of travelling. But I do want to see Notre-Dame (because of The Hunchback of Notre-Dame by Victor Hugo) and Liverpool (just because). Then I can die in peace. Well, maybe one day.

I do some Java for automated tests, but honestly, I have other people to do most of that for me. And I get little project ideas from time to time, but I never finish them, because eventually I stop seeing the point. Like, I was making a library tracker, but ditched it because Google Sheets already do the job beautifully.
Do you get to code sometimes?

Damn... your school was something. I started at a fancy school - we even had a fountain... in the basement. Don’t ask, I don’t know why. It always looked nice and clean and posh, and we were forced to wear a uniform. Then when I got to 9th grade, the tuition became too much to bear, so I ended up at a free school. The first thing I noticed was how nice everyone was - kids, teachers. No one yelled at anyone. Teachers didn’t call their pupils idiots. O_O
Yeah, kids were still little shits sometimes - that’s their job. But looking back, it was a normal amount of little-shittiness. There was less bullying. There was still a division into groups, but no rivalry - you could spend time with nerds today, then tomorrow have a laugh with the fancy girls. I was kind of everywhere - sports, nerd, goth groups mostly.
We did have chain-link fences too, though. They’re cheap, so.

Damn, this is getting too long for me. =) We can keep going like this, but that would mean I’ll probably only reply once a day.
I decided to send this separately so it doesn’t get lost.
We could play something co-op, yeah? If it's not too late already. I can see you have Satisfactory and Borderlands 2. Borderlands was gorgeous, honestly.
Gods, it’s bleak... half of your library is “This item is currently unavailable in your region” for me. >_<
Yeah, I think I can do this evening. Although I’d have to download whatever we’re going to play. For now, I only have Subnautica 2 installed.
And here are my players. The sorceress looks more moldy these days, though XD

jsammons90
9:49 PM
Hiya! Sorry, just read your one message about games to play so far. Haven't had a chance to dive into the rest! Hmmm, how fast is your internet? I'm happy to play anything that you would be interested in. I don't have Borderlands 2 downloaded, but it shouldn't take long. I have Satisfactory installed right now - was also going to say maybe Baldur's Gate 3, but that's a big enough game to download right now, maybe not feasible.
What's your Discord and I'll add you?
Kaktysshmanchik
10:07 PM
Borderlands is locked and loaded.
Discord is https://discord.gg/ygDat5Jf
But if it's about calling during the game, we'd have to work with Steam. Discord is blocked in Russia, and VPN would fuck up the connection to the server in the game.

Kathy has invited you to chat on Discord!

discord.gg •Hang out and enjoy free voice and text chat.

jsammons90
10:07 PM
Oh shit, I had no idea that it's blocked in Russia.
Yeah, we can try the steam call thing, never used it before. Just finished downloading BL2 again
Jun 18
Kaktysshmanchik
10:00 AM
>>I had no idea that it's blocked in Russia.
Yeah, basically, we have half the internet blocked. You know, protecting traditional values and all that. Scary stuff is happening on Discord, apparently.
I do hope they won’t touch Steam, though. Texting with a VPN is fine, but voice calls go south very fast, and I don’t want it to mess with the game connection.
jsammons90
11:56 AM
Huh, that's weird - I haven't heard about anything crazy happening on Discord. That said, I only use it for like two rooms, both for playing games with friends, I don't join other rooms on there.

As for being vegetarian, I've been doing it for so long that it's not tough anymore. I was actually vegan for years before being vegetarian, and that was a lot harder since I couldn't have dairy products like cheese or milk. It's so much easier now having those things, and there's loads of soya based products that taste just like meat. I do eat fish occasionally, so I guess technically I'm really pescatarian.

Haha, I haven't heard of that red neck game - I thought you were going to link this one: https://store.steampowered.com/app/565550/Redneck_Rampage/

Do you see or experience much of the war where you are? I know you mentioned the prices of stuff, but didn't know if it goes deeper than that?

Ah yeah, AGI, that's the one! Makes sense about recycling and stuff with everything else going on. My take on recycling is that it's pretty much bullshit too though - just a way to try and make the normal person feel like it's their fault that the world is fucked, instead of holding corporations accountable. People run around recycling while toxic chemicals get poured into a river somewhere else in the world by some big company >.>

If it's saving you time and being useful, then yeah, I totally understand using it. My work has a big push for everyone to use it now too, so I use it for generating workflow articles and stuff - it gets a good structure and then I go and edit and update it.

Oh yeah, as a blacksmith I would make nothing lol. It would be purely out of passion for creating something. I've never been artistic or creative really, but I think I would enjoy trying to be creative with that. Honestly, the main things that I would try and do would just be knives first and work my way up to making swords and axes. Then once I have a good feel for it, I could try and make decorative pieces.

I'm awful for starting projects and getting distracted half-way through - has happened so many times!

That's funny about the languages and thinking like they do - in Irish, there's 99 words for rain and only 1 for sunshine. Of course, it rains a shitload here. Also, there's an Irish word, 'Meitheal' (pronounced meh-hill), that in English would mean to come together as a community and help each other, no matter what. I think that it's nice that they have that - just kinda shows how welcoming Irish people typically are for each other. I think learning French definitely had an impact on me, but I don't know exactly what. Where I'm from, no one ever really leaves. The thoughts of going to Europe would be like a once in a lifetime vacation, so I really thought I'd never see Europe. Of course, here I am now, much to my pleasure! But teenage me thought I would never really see much of the world, since those around me never did.

Oh yeah, The Color Purple - I remember having to read it in school and we watched the movie (the old one with Whoopie Goldberg) in class as well. Since we were in the South, a lot of history that we learned was about slavery and slave owners and stuff - as well as the persecution of the black community. Bit of a confession though - I was a real shit head in school when it actually came to doing the reading assignments. The teacher would give practice tests of the book over the month or so that we would be studying it and I would fail all of those. Then, when it came time for the actual test, I would study all of the questions from the practice tests and ace the test, never would read the book XD. I do think I did my younger self a disservice doing that though.

Nah, I never code anymore. I did a bit when I was on the developer support team, since we were helping developers using our SDK's and stuff, but I mostly just worked in Postman on the API.

Holy shit, you went to a fancy ass school with a fountain in the....basement....so weird! Pretty crazy that they yelled abuse at the fancy school, then the public school they were kind. Shows that money can't buy kindness I guess.

Okay, I think this is a lot shorter....hopefully.... Thanks for sharing the s of your party, I wouldn't mess with them!
And reading back, that's still quite long XD
Sorry!
Kaktysshmanchik
1:50 PM
It's okay. It just gonna take forever for me to reply))
Ah! Come on! Just 4k symbols? Getting lazy?

Kaktysshmanchik
3:57 PM
Ah, you don’t know half of it. Let me educate you a bit.
So, according to the official logic: Telegram is for pulling people into terrorist organisations, WhatsApp too, Facebook/Insta/Meta are for making people question their gender and the glory of our beloved ruler, and Discord is apparently infested (sic!) with the LGBTQ+ crowd (also known as “transformers.” Keep up). There are also less famous messengers, and those are just full of viruses.
See? Easy.
So I’d better use our sovereign messenger, MAX. It will spy on me... ah, sorry, I meant watch out for me, making sure I’m safe and sound. And the killer feature is that it’s going to give the police easy access to my messages, so they can help me out if I’m being manipulated. I appreciate it a lot.

Pescatarian... *googles hard*
Damn. Live and learn, I guess.
The first time I tried to give up meat was when I was a teen. I lasted two days. It felt like I was quitting smoking. Horrible.

“A week in a redneck’s life:
Dear diary:
Monday: Well, we crash-landed that UFO.”
Hahah! This is hilarious. Great start.
It reminds me of this game: https://store.steampowered.com/app/1365720/Kujlevka/

Yeah, I do feel the war going on. A little bit.
Drones fly here and there. Sirens go off in the city, although I can barely hear them from where I live, and only at night when it’s really quiet. There are posters about “heroes” everywhere, ads saying “serve the Motherland” - honestly, if we’re going to ban anything, that word should be banned.
In 2023, there was the Wagner group rebellion, and they passed just a couple of streets away from my building. Now and then there are whitelists enforced on mobile internet, although some VPNs still do the trick.
After mobilisation started, that was fun too. No one I know was conscripted, but I was worried sick. Literally. I was planning with a female friend of mine how and where we could hide our lads if needed.
And sanctions, of course. Can’t buy stuff, can’t access stuff online. VPN helps, but not always. Books, for example. I’m waiting for 16 books, and 7 of them might never be delivered if the shop can’t order them from the publisher abroad.
So it’s worse than I could’ve hoped for, but better than some people have it.

What about Europe in general, if you know anything, and Ireland in particular? We hear horror stories, told with glee, that you folks freeze there in winter because you can’t buy our gas as easily as before. I know that’s bullshit, but jokes aside, does this shitshow have an impact on you?

And speaking of swords... have you ever tried to wield one? Or maybe learned to fight with a knife? I have a friend of a friend who teaches sword fencing, and I tried it once. So much fun. Although I didn’t feel like Geralt even remotely. More like a twit with a stick.

Yeah... if there are 99 words for rain, that’s definitely a hint. But Meitheal is gorgeous. Love it. I don’t like any kind of gatherings of people, but I adore the idea.
So, since the Irish are welcoming, do you feel welcome there? How do they take your accent and all that? Feels like there should be some kind of American-ness to you. XD Don’t ask - I can’t possibly know what I even mean by that. Probably all the smiling you attack locals with. =)

I watched The Color Purple with Whoopi Goldberg too, yup. It’s... fine, I guess. A bit weird in places. I expected a lot more, to be honest. There’s a new one too, and that one is so weird I don’t even know where to start. For starters, it’s a musical, so.
Hey, everyone was a shithead at school one way or another. If they say they weren’t, they’re lying. Or weird.

Ooh, I remembered what I wanted to ask about your school: drugs. There’s this impression that the US = weed. And sometimes the other way around too. So? Anything to say?
I know in theory that there were drugs in both of my schools, although not in the groups I used to hang out with. And here everyone was threatening the shit out of kids: “If someone offers you anything to taste, smoke, or sniff - don’t. You’ll die horribly that instant.” Don’t know about others, but it worked on me beautifully. XD

Aw, I love working with Postman. I test APIs quite often. And AI helps a lot too - builds me collections, covers things with tests, helps me spot gaps.

Yeah, this one is shorter. It took me only an hour and a half to reply. XD
jsammons90
6:14 PM
Fearmongering, what's that?! XD It's crazy how much the government tries to control people by just banning any platform where they may see information that the government doesn't want them to see. Do most people know that it's all bullshit or do a lot drink the koolaid?

I think I misspelled Pescatarian, but I'm sure you figured out what I meant! I just went cold-turkey (no pun intended). Not sure how it was so easy for me since I ate meat all my life.

Haha, that's a pretty hilarious looking game!

Agreed - I hate all of the bullshit propaganda. You won't see the kids of any of the politicians or rich people sending their kids off to die in war. It's all such a farce. You're a good person to look after your friends and help them if it came to it - hopefully it never does. I didn't even think about the sanctions - wasn't sure if they were still in effect or not. Has Ukraine attacked any civilians or anything like that? As far as I'm aware, they've just been trying to strike military targets. Haha, that's some crazy propaganda as well. People here only think about the war when it's shown on the news unfortunately. It's been going on so long now, that it's not even talked about that often. The only knock-on effects that we've really seen is that things cost a bit more, but it's not crazy and people aren't freezing or anything like that. Fuel prices went up again recently, but that was because of Trump and Israel being cunts and attacking Iran.

Nah, not really handled a sword before. I've had some decorative ones, but that was it. There's actually a fencing class nearby that I thought about trying out, but never really looked too into it. I'd also like to try a bit of archery - I think that'd be fun. 'Twit with a stick' XD. Just made me thing of Game of Thrones - stick them with the pointy end. Did you ever read those books or watch the show?

You and I are the same - I don't really like being around people, I find it draining. I prefer just being around a few close friends, can't stand being around crowds of people, it's way too overstimulating. Hahaha, that's funny - Irish people definitely know I'm not Irish - they say I sounds like a yank, which they call all Americans. Funnily enough, people back in the States think I sound Irish now, so I'm caught in the middle of these two worlds with no belonging now. And yes, I ferociously attack people with my smile and I'm deeply offended if people don't smile back! XD

Ah yeah, I wasn't sure if you were aware of the musical one....it's weird, like you said. Didn't like it at all. If you'd like a good movie that just came to me for some reason that makes me think of the Southern part of America, check out 'Fried Green Tomatoes'. I don't even know where you'd find it, just have to torrent it, but, yeah - decent story and strong Southern accents. I'd be surprised if you could understand everything that they say.

I actually didn't even smoke weed until after high-school - can't even think of anyone that had any in school. My friends didn't that I can remember. I'm sure it was around, I was probably just oblivious to it. I've got no problem with smoking weed, but I've never purchased it. Well, at least not illegally. I went to Amsterdam with a friend last year for a Nine Inch Nails concert and we smoked a lot of weed and ate weed brownies and stuff - it was a lot of fun. There's definitely fear mongering about it in schools in the US though - lemme see if I can find some of the old ads to show you on youtube.

Yaaaayyyyy - progress! XD

Oh yeah, here's my wife's business that I was talking about if you wanna see some examples of what they do: https://www.siogbotanicals.ie/
I remember this one on TV: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dAHoxaphbEs
And this one too: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cyUOVhEbOoU
Aaaaand all the ones in this one lol: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B59OEsNzz0s Number 3 in the last video is the same as the last one I linked above.
Kaktysshmanchik
10:26 PM
Oh, most people are pissed off by the internet problems. Nothing to be done about it, though. Even some politicians dared to pipe up, but they were shut down pretty fast.

That reminds me (there was a very long chain of thought here, yeah) did you follow that thing Trump did to Maduro? That was so impressive. I mean, I hate the precedent and what it means for international law, and Trump himself is something else, but still. He just plucked the tosser off his throne, and that was that.

Yeah, Ukraine does hit Russian territory, and civilians do get hurt. A lot less than what Russia does to Ukraine, mind you, but war doesn’t let anyone come out clean. Besides, if you know something horrible has been done to your people, I bet there’s a strong urge for revenge.
I think they mostly do it by accident though - they do usually target factories, military bases and so on. But who knows.

“People here only think about the war when it’s shown on the news unfortunately.”
But that’s kind of normal, no? From where I’m standing, everyone watches their own country and the US, because of its huge impact on everyone. The rest is just noise. You can’t keep tabs on everything.

Of course I watched the show. =) I’m an unwashed Russian, but I know stuff.
And I’ve read the books, although I didn’t like them much. They left a kinda foggy impression. Maybe I should have read them in English, but back then I was too much of a chicken to do that.
Loved the show, though. It broke my heart more than once, but that’s the point.
Are you a big fan?

Yup, crowds leave me absolutely exhausted, and anxiety hits hard. It’s infuriating, though, when I want company and just know I’m going to be as good as dead afterwards.

And are you okay with being kinda in-between? That sounds... not ideal. Who do you associate yourself with more?
Anyhow, you sound lovely. I understood everything, and that was more than I hoped for. XD

I’ve never heard of the Fried Green Tomatoes movie, but I have heard of the book. Well, if I have to watch the movie, the book comes first. Them’s the rules.
Can you really clock where a person is from by hearing their accent? That looks so cool in movies, when they do that. I only know posh British, northern England (yeah, vague, I know), and Scottish (don’t tell them I said this, but I associate that accent with dwarves). And as for the US... I think I could guess Texas on a good day.

Er... are you sure you’re from the US? Like, really sure? Because I have reliable sources that say there’s weed everywhere. I watched Scary Movie. You can’t fool me.
But seriously, that sounds pretty much like everywhere. Gods, it’s so bizarre how different countries are and how similar people’s lives can be.

Yup, I skimmed through Siog - that’s a brilliant idea. I’m not sentimental enough myself, but I can imagine why people might want something like that. The pressed flower art looks gorgeous. Also, trinkets - that’s so sweet.

Oh, this just happened: I was walking through a playground, and some kid asked another one, “Four plus four?” I kept walking, and in my head I was like... er... let me get a calculator. I just blue-screened there, defeated by a five-year-old.

Fucking hell, I watched the commercials you sent. O_O
So... a whole generation was traumatised by that?

I wasn’t able to find anything I remember about drugs, though.

But I did translate a couple of memes for you. Well, GPT did. I mostly just stared at it while it was doing its thing.
The one about VPN should be pretty obvious.
The second one will be tougher. Good luck.

Jun 19
jsammons90
12:45 PM
Such a shame how restrictive the government is there. I did see all of that on the news when it happened - pretty fucked up how they just went in and kidnapped that dude like that. There's a woman I kinda know here, her son also goes to Maebh's school and she also volunteers for Scouts like I do, but she's from Venezuela and was happy that Trump did that. If the reverse happened to America, then there would be all out uproar. Not saying Maduro was a good dude or anything, but still pretty fucked up.

I suppose it's impossible to avoid collateral damage in war, but from what I've seen on the news, it seems like civilians are targeted in Russian attacks unfortunately. Violence just leads to more violence. Just like what has happened to the Palestinian people - I imagine that there's going to be a lot of radicalism and bombings in Israel's future because of what they've done to them, but the world will act all surprised and say how wrong it is for them to do that, but what can you expect when you genocide a population?

I guess that's the norm, but I don't think it really should be that way - just kinda normalizes war and conflict. I'd like to thing that humans have the capability to move past it all, put differences aside, and achieve some cool shit, but I guess at the end of the day we're just animals :/.

'I'm an unwashed Russian' XD. I figured you probably had heard of it or seen it, but you never know! I mean, I did hear that Russians even have trouble washing! I did enjoy the books when I read them and read them all back to back - it wasn't really like me to get into a story that much, but there was so much shit going on in those books. I really enjoyed the show as well, but those last two seasons were shiiiiiiit. Such a let down. Oh, there's a museum of a bunch of the movie props in Belfast, Northern Ireland - went there a few years ago with a couple of friends and took loads of pictures, I'll see if I have any to send!

Hmmm, I don't know if I associate with either really....I like just being me. I find it amusing when people just see me as different I guess. I hate being noticed in public and crowds, feeling peoples eyes on you, know what I mean? Awww, thanks very much! Your English was great, I loved chatting with you! I don't think at any point I misunderstood anything that you said, your pronunciation was great!

That's hilarious, I didn't realize that there was a book for Fried Green Tomatoes! If you end up reading it or watching the movie, let me know what you think. I've definitely gotten better with picking up where people are from based on their accents, but I wouldn't say I'm amazing. I can typically tell if someone is Irish, English, Scottish, French (pretty easy), German, American, stuff like that. Eastern European countries I wouldn't be as good at nor middle eastern countries, but I just haven't been around people from those places as much. Southern accents in the US I think are actually pretty hard to distinguish between. Could you hear a Southern accent at all from me?

Hahaha, obviously I'm an imposter! I think drugs are pretty much the same everywhere honestly though. People like to get high or drunk or both. Apparently there's a bad cocaine problem in Ireland, but I'm not aware of anyone doing it.

Thanks very much! They're very proud of what they've built. It's been tough and there's not a lot of money that comes in from it unfortunately, but once she's happy and we can pay the bills, I'm cool with it!

Sounds like you short-circuited there for a minute XD. Maebh will do that sometimes when we're walking to/from school - just keep asking me to add numbers together and asking how high I can count to. I tell her infinity and then she tells me to prove it lol.

Oh yeah, that shit was on tv all the time! I remember seeing those commercials a lot. The one where the chick starts smashing everything seemed excessive to me as a kid. It still seems excessive.

Haha, the first one is easy to get, but the second one, I have no idea, you're going to have to explain it to me. Seems like a corrupt politician or something and how much trouble they got in for something?
jsammons90
1:12 PM
Working on getting those Game of Thrones pictures. They were only on my Facebook account which I never use, so I'm exporting all my data from it so I can close that shit :)
I'll send some once I get the pictures exported.
Kaktysshmanchik
4:55 PM
I fixed Borderlands! It was a Russia thing - the game tries to connect to a blocked website while launching. Fixed that.

You volunteer with the Scouts? What do you do there? I know of the Scouts, vaguely, but that’s about it.

Yeah, exactly. I’d be made up if someone just nicked Putin. But then what stops another powerful country from doing the same thing in Germany? Italy? Anywhere, really? Who gets to decide when it’s allowed?
And then there’s another consideration: countries tend to have a better chance of becoming democracies when the transfer of power is peaceful, rather than imposed by force from outside. So there’s that too.

I can’t really talk about Israel and Palestine - my knowledge of the context is too vague. And without enough context, I might overcorrect in defence of Jewish people. Antisemitism is very popular in Russia, so I’m wary of accidentally joining in with it when I don’t have solid ground beneath me.

Ah, come on! Humanity's getting better. Have you read anything by Steven Pinker? Or heard of The Better Angels of Our Nature specifically? I know his argument is debated, but it still gives me some hope. Sure, there are hiccups along the way, and they take tragic forms, but overall, humanity has made progress.

“I did hear that Russians even have trouble washing.”
Ah, that makes sense. You see, it’s winter nine months of the year, so taking a shower can be a challenge, since our household nuclear reactors only manage to warm the water about 50% of the time.

Ooh, I’d never heard of that museum. It’s so cool when a show leaves that kind of legacy behind. Yeah, most of the time it’s just capitalism doing its thing, but if you’re a fan, it means a lot.

Yeah, I get not liking being noticed. But I have tattoos, so I’m doing a poor job of avoiding it. Some people just come over and touch them. O_O I used to have blue hair too - that was even more fun...
Aw! ^_^ Right now I’m sitting here like a total numpty: “Wow! A real American understood me!” XD Cheers! I promise I’ll stutter less with time. =)

“Could you hear a Southern accent at all from me?”
Mate, I was too busy being glad I could squeeze a word out. I get anxious around new people. Add another language to that, and you can seal the panic room.

All right, a very quick dive into the Russian political landscape.
There’s Ekaterina Schulmann, a political scientist who is also a “foreign agent” and now a convicted criminal and a terrorist according to the state. She does a weekly show on YouTube where she talks about new laws, explains how autocracies work, and so on. Lately, with Russian politicians being jailed rather often, she also talks about their sentences.
People love her. If you mention Schulmann and someone reacts positively, it’s usually a pretty good sign that they’re anti-Putin. And she looks a lot like the woman in the picture.
So when wow_hotshots writes about their reaction to prices, denischuzhoy refers to Schulmann and her program.
Yeah... explaining a joke is like dissecting a frog. You understand it better, but the frog dies in the process.
Still, you can have a look at a real terrorist. Brace yourself. Horrifying. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cAwBFQJJ3cE

Anyhow... I’ve just realised that I keep tripping over “Ireland”: there’s the island, the country, and the Northern one. That certainly does my head in a little. Fine, a lot.
Is there some trick to knowing which one someone means when they just say “Ireland”?
jsammons90
7:05 PM
Awesome! I noticed when I turned it on, I didn't see any easy way to invite, so wasn't sure if it's something to do with their servers still being available or not? Maybe it was just because you didn't have the game open either....With everything that's blocked in Russia, I would imagine most people are pretty familiar with finding workarounds?

Ah yeah - Maebh wanted to join the Scouts (and we wanted her to too, socializing and stuff), but kids could only join if a parent would join too because they needed volunteers - otherwise there was like a 2 year waiting list. So I joined as a Scout Leader with her - just once a week on Tuesday nights. It's a nice idea - tries to teach kids useful skills and to not be shit heads. You learn things like camping, making fires, tying knots, helping your community, general nature stuff, first aid - all that kinda stuff. She really enjoys it which is all that matters to me :).

It'd be nice if someone just nicked up some of these people like Trump and Putin - try to get some stable people in power, but I think power typically draws in the wrong types anyways. With things like that in Venezuela, it's always about them trying to get the person in charge that they want anyways. The US has done that in countries for a long time - destabilize it in one way or another so that they can get the person in charge that they want for control. Shady shit.

Your response about the situation between Palestine and Israel is perfect and I really respect it - it's the way that I see things too. If I don't know enough, then who am I to really know what to think? I don't like to make an opinion until I know everything about it.

I've never heard of Steven Pinker or heard of The Better Angels of Our Nature, but I know what you mean. It feels like the world is worse than it was, but humanity has come along way. We just have a constant bombardment of negative news, but people in general are living longer and there are less wars than there used to be. That said, I feel like we're probably living in a time that is going to see a massive shift with things like climate change and autonomous machines deciding who lives and dies. There's some pretty crazy stuff being talked about by these mega rich assholes like Peter Thiel where they want to destroy current democracies and basically move towards Tech Feudalism - have you heard about any of that stuff?

Hahahaha - sounds like people are being sold faulty nuclear reactors over there! I can barely hear you over my electric shower that costs a fortune to run due to constantly rising energy costs! Jokes aside, is it that cold that much for you year round? I've heard about Russian Winters from history and whatnot, but don't know how bad it really gets.

What do you have tattoos of? Also, what the fuck with people just coming over and touching them? That's just.....odd. Why would anyone ever think that's okay?! Please don't tell me that people just came over and touched your hair, too? Do you miss your blue hair? I had a mohawk for awhile. Back when I was about 20, a friend's mom did hairdressing in their house and we were all up late one night - dared me to let them give me a mohawk so I said sure. They cut it and tried to get it to stand-up, but the hair products there weren't strong enough to make it stand up, so they got wood glue to make it happen XD. I actually really liked the mohawk, but it's surprisingly difficult to wash out wood glue!

Awww, that's so sweet. You were fine, I didn't notice any stuttering or anything like that either. You spoke better than a lot of Americans that I've met - I'm not bullshitting you either! I was definitely nervous too - talking to new people is weird, I agree. After a few times, it all melts away though :).

My eyes! MY EYES! What a terror to behold! A woman! A SMART WOMAN! I. FEEL. THREATENED! XD She spoke really well. I didn't realize that the facial recognition tech was being used over in Russia and Belarus as well. I mean, makes sense if you want to keep your boot down on the people in your country. ICE in America have started doing that in the last year too. Apparently some police have started calling to people's homes about their posts on social media as well. I'm not enjoying this timeline very much....

Well, if someone talks about Ireland, they're probably referring to the Republic of Ireland which is the part separated from the UK. Northern Ireland just consists of a few counties at the top of the island that is still technically owned by the UK. They use UK systems and money and everything there instead of the Euro. There's still a lot of tension up there between the Protestants (mostly English) and the Catholics (mostly Irish). Religion has a lot to answer for in regards to causing people to kill each other through history!
jsammons90
7:13 PM
_Jun 19, 2026_05:13_0.jpeg
_Jun 19, 2026_05:13_1.jpeg
_Jun 19, 2026_05:13_2.jpeg
_Jun 19, 2026_05:13_3.jpeg
_Jun 19, 2026_05:13_4.jpeg
_Jun 19, 2026_05:13_5.jpeg
_Jun 19, 2026_05:13_6.jpeg
_Jun 19, 2026_05:13_7.jpeg
_Jun 19, 2026_05:13_8.jpeg
_Jun 19, 2026_05:13_9.jpeg
_Jun 19, 2026_05:13_0.jpeg
_Jun 19, 2026_05:13_1.jpeg
_Jun 19, 2026_05:13_2.jpeg
_Jun 19, 2026_05:13_3.jpeg
Just a few of the GoT pics. I took like 200...
_Jun 19, 2026_05:13_0.jpeg
snoo_joy
jsammons90
7:32 PM
Oh, weird - I also sent a message of just one Mohawk pic as well, but the text didn't come through under!
Kaktysshmanchik
9:05 PM
It was some mysterious UpsellNewsURL that was blocked. I dunno... some ads, I guess. Anyway, people before me had already dealt with it, so I followed their instructions. =) Most people here have become pretty familiar with various workarounds by now.

A two-year waiting list?! Bloody hell, that’s grim.
Were you ever a Scout as a kid, or did you only recently earn the privilege of saying “Scout’s honour”? Have you actually taken the kids camping yet?
It sounds awesome, anyway. We don’t really have anything like that. Well, these days there are military camps, but... yeah. Summer camps are a huge deal, although they’re less educational. And there are sports camps, but those are mostly for kids who take a sport seriously. I guess that works the same way everywhere.

Yeah, it sounds shady. But I know very little about that side of US history. I only specialise in what’s been shown in movies. So I know a lot about aliens invading New York, mean girls in schools, and all the superheroes the US is trying to hide from the world - and doing a poor job of it, by the way. Just so you know.

Nah, I knew sod all about Peter Thiel or tech feudalism, but I googled it.
“Peter Andreas Thiel is a German-American entrepreneur, venture capitalist, and conservative political activist.” Yeah, conservative. Naturally. What else would I expect?
So, is tech feudalism basically monopolies on steroids?
If so, yeah, it does look like we’re heading that way. But I’m not sure what ordinary people are supposed to do about it. Take Amazon. My mate recently wanted to buy a book. It cost roughly bucks on the Russian version of Amazon, Ozon (yup, not subtle) and we found the same book in an independent shop for 15. Guess where she bought it?
And I completely understand. Fifteen dollars isn’t unbearable, but it’s still a lot of money for her. Of course the huge corporations win that way.

Nah, it’s not that cold here, and we do know that showers exist. =)
Proper winter lasts about two or three months, when it stays below 0°C. Huh... are you a Celsius or Fahrenheit kind of guy?
Anyhow, yeah, there are days when it gets down to -30, but not that many. It’s mostly closer to -20 during the cold spells. And snow is a bitch.
Summers can be pretty hot too. Today it’s a pleasant 22, but a week ago it was 29. That was fun.
Did you expect me to be wearing an ushanka and shovelling snow right now? >_>
I’m also somewhat closer to the south, so it’s relatively warm here. Yeah, I noticed I used -20 and warm in the same paragraph.

Ah, ink questions. =) All right. I should’ve expected those.
I have a sleeve with an owlbear cub, a skag, Legion (Mass Effect), and Pattern (he’s a character from Sanderson’s books. Have you read any of them?) Oh, and fish scales, because there was space left. On the other arm, I have a gryphon and a d20.
Do you have any tattoos?
Yeah, people do touch them sometimes. Same thing with hair - I don't regret that. That’s not ideal. And I have relatives in a village, so imagine this: I come to visit when my sleeve is only half-finished, with just the outline done. My aunt looks at it and says, with a perfectly straight face, that I’d make a wonderful colouring book - and then gives her kid some markers. O_O Apparently, refusing this generous offer made me a rude bitch. Oh well. I’ll wear that as a badge of honour.

And who could possibly have predicted that washing wood glue out of your hair would be difficult? XD Still, a mohawk is badass. Hard to maintain, though, I’ve heard. It suited you. You should’ve committed fully and added some colourful hairspray or something. =)

Oh, seriously? I didn’t know America had started turning on Big Brother too. That sucks. Yeah... it’s a slippery slope once that starts. Here, it began with, “It’s for your safety - we need it to catch criminals.” And look how beautifully that worked out.
I do hope Trump fucks off and the next president manages to set some things right.
How did Trump even happen, though? You lot had Obama, for fuck’s sake. How did people change that drastically over the years? Or do you think the the election was rigged that boldly?
I don’t know much about Obama either, honestly. I know about some of his healthcare reforms, and that he spoke in favour of vaccination. All right, all right - he’s also easy on the eye. Sue me.

Ah, all right. Ireland really is complicated, then.
Are you religious, by the way? Just so I don’t accidentally say something spectacularly stupid. =)

Ooh, the museum pictures are so cool. The ballista is absolutely gorgeous. I wonder whether it actually works...
But wax figures are creepy, no? I went to a wax museum as a kid and was freaked out beyond measure. XD
See, this is what I envy about movie lovers - they get museums. Book lovers rarely do. Harry Potter and The Lord of the Rings don’t count!
jsammons90
10:14 PM
It seems that you're definitely getting faster at these responses :)! Weird, probably trying to advertise Borderlands 4 or something like that.

Yeah, it's pretty extreme for any kids wanting to join. I mean, I get it, you need to have adults there to supervise. I remember when I was a kid going to like two scouts meetings ever. I wanted to go to more, but my mom never brought me. Maebh and I just joined back in January, this will be our first camping night away with the scouts, but when I was a kid I would go camping every Summer for two weeks with my dad. Do you like camping or anything like that? What would be the main sport played in Russia?

Shit, you're onto us. Americans really are the worst at keeping secrets! XD

Yup, he's a huge cunt. Apparently, he has some secret society that they call 'Dialog' and they are supposed to come to Ireland in August for a meeting - not too far from where I am. Apparently the event and guest list got leaked (oops) and now there are some celebrities on the list that are under fire like Josh Brolin and Joseph Gordon Levitt. Tech Feudalism is basically like old school feudalism, where most people are peasants and the tech bros are the overlords. I think this post sums it up pretty well: https://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/1j2hppv/eli5_what_is_techno_feudalism/. Pretty much what you said though, monopolies on steroids unfortunately. No idea what ordinary people can do either, besides not engage with the platforms. The problem with that though is that so much of our lives are managed by these platforms now that people either can't or don't know how to function without them.

All of those huge companies will just undercut the competition until there is no competition and they have free reign. That or they rig the prices with any competitors that there are. There's a store in America called Wal-Mart (I'm sure you've probably heard of it) and it's notorious for popping up in communities, undercutting any local competition so everyone shops there, and then once all the local shops are closed, they raise their prices since no one has any other option.

Oh, I've fully converted to Celsius at this point. My friend that lives in France still asks for his temperature in 'freedom units' (fahrenheit) - he of course means it sarcastically. Wow, that's kinda cold lol. I wish Ireland would get a bit of snow, I'm bummed out each year when it doesn't snow. I know it's a huge pain in the ass and everything, but it would still be fun every once in awhile! Also, I just assume everyone wears a ushanka at all times in Russia. Winter, Summer, swimming, shower, out for drinks with friends, going to bed - everyone is always in a ushanka.

Ahhh, sounds like you have some really cool tattoos. I'd love to see it sometime if you want to share - really love the owlbear cub and d20. I know of Legion from Mass Effect, but I'm not sure what a skag is? Not sure who Pattern is, never read any of Sanderson's books. Nah, I never got any tattoos. I don't know what I would like enough to ink onto my body. Not against it or anything like that, I think they're cool, but just never really thought too much about getting any. It sounds like your aunt doesn't really understand boundaries >.>. I don't blame you at all for wearing that badge of honor!

Haha, right?! I mean, it's just wood glue. Thanks - I did like it at the time. I actually had a mohawk another time too. My mother wanted me to cut it off for her wedding, but I refused and got it painted red instead. Funnily enough, I used wood paint that time XD. I don't know why I'm so accustomed to putting wood related products in my hair....

I don't think the first time that Trump got elected that there was anything screwy going on - I think Republicans just got out and voted for that douche-bag. The last election though, I think it was rigged. The thing that is really fucky about it is that he won every single swing state, which I don't think had ever happened before. There are things that I didn't like about Obama either, but he's a night and day difference to Trump and would welcome him back in an instant. Haha, you like what you like! :)

Hahaha - I'm not religious at all. I was raised Baptist - I was even baptized twice and had to go to Sunday school and shit a lot, but I saw through all of that bullshit. I don't mind most religions, but I really hate Christianity and the way people try to force it down your throat. I'm gonna gamble a guess and say that you're just as Atheist as I am.

Thanks! It was such an awesome museum. Really loved it there. If you ever somehow end up in Ireland, you have to go and check it out. I actually love the unsettling feeling that wax figures give me. Kinda makes sense about movies and tv shows have museums though - just throw the props in there! Lots of museums of different authors though! But yeah, I know what you mean - you guys are getting the short end of the stick.
Jun 20
Kaktysshmanchik
2:07 AM
Progress, that =)

Yeah, I used to camp a lot, but only as a kid - it was a family thing. I don’t remember much, though.
Huh... except for that one time when my granddad made me a couple of wooden toys, I buried them, and then lost them, naturally.
Ah, no, here’s another one: I was bitten by a river clam once. I still have a scar on my knee. Yeah, I’m a badass.
As for sports, people here usually send their kids wherever is close to their school or home. Dance classes are always popular, I guess. My choice wasn’t very common - I did taekwondo until I was 18. I fucking hated it towards the end. XD
But if you mean what people love watching, then football. Soccer? Anyhow. It’s huge here. And, weirdly, gymnastics too, though with fewer raging fans.
What’s Ireland into? And did you do any sports or something as a kid?

Yeah, tech feudalism sounds great... Sure. Sure. But then again, that’s what capitalism does when nobody restrains it.
I don’t know of a better economic system, though. I don’t know all of them either, mind you.
Don’t think anyone is ready for anarchy - it’s either a utopia or a dystopia, depending on who you ask.
We already tried socialism, and I don’t recommend it. Neither does China.
Communism is pure utopia, because it would require every country to participate properly.
So... capitalism is what we’re left with, apparently.
Libertarians have their own ideas too, but I don’t trust libertarianism overall. It seems to me that a society built around it would leave minorities and vulnerable people behind.

Isn’t the US supposed to have some magical progressive tax system? I don’t understand how so many of the world’s richest people come from the US when they should’ve been financially exsanguinated by now.
By the way, is tax day actually as horrible as it looks in movies? And how does it work in Ireland?
In Russia, your employer usually deals with income tax, and shops and service providers deal with the rest. That’s why most people here think our taxes are low - they simply don’t see how much they pay altogether. If you count everything, mine probably comes much closer to 50%. But people think they pay 13-15%, because that’s what they see on their payslips.
And doesn’t the US have antitrust laws?

O_O Were you about to say something bad about Obama? Oh my. Oh my! How dare you, sir? That’s slander, whatever that was.
But sure, no one is perfect. Besides, falling for a political persona is a bad idea - institutions are more important, I think. And I’m glad some institutions are still capable of pushing back against Trump.

“Freedom units.” XD
How did the Celsius conversion go? And the US has that thing for body parts too! Inches, feet, all that. I mean, how? Maths at school must be torture, no? Pathfinder uses feet too, and after years of playing, I still don’t remember what’s what.

Ah, you can take some snow from Russia then. We’d really appreciate it. Up to 70% is yours. Send someone to collect it at your earliest convenience.
So Ireland is mild? How cold does it usually get in winter, if snow is that rare? I can't imagine winter without snow, to be honest.

Well, the d20 tattoo is a bit meh. It’s really old, along with the gryphon. They could both use a touch-up, but I just know I wouldn’t stop at a touch-up. XD
A skag is a dog-like creature from Borderlands. Mine is cute and chubby, though. And Pattern is... complicated. He’s basically a sentient squiggle. He’s adorable in the books, trust me.
So no ink for you - fair enough. I, on the other hand, would’ve started on a leg by now if healing weren’t so tedious.
And I’ll try to find some pictures where the tattoos are visible. Not sure whether I have any, but I’ll keep you posted.

So they dunked Pinocchio (yup, no one to blame, but yourself) twice, and he still grew up to be an atheist. Good job. How comes you were baptised twice? I thought it's a one time event.
Yeah, I’m not religious either. My family is, though. It’s some strange mixture of Christianity and vague stuff about cosmic energy.
And I went to Sunday school too! I loved it there. Food was great, and pictures in the children’s Bible were pretty. XD But then I read the real thing at some point and was deeply disappointed.
How did you end up becoming an atheist?
Kaktysshmanchik
11:26 AM
_Jun 20, 2026_11:26_0.jpeg
Yeah... This turned out harder than I thought it would.
_Jun 20, 2026_11:26_1.jpeg
_Jun 20, 2026_11:26_2.jpeg
_Jun 20, 2026_11:26_3.jpeg
_Jun 20, 2026_11:26_4.jpeg
jsammons90
2:55 PM
I love your tattoos! They're so colorful - the artist definitely knew what they were doing. I also love that the D20 looks like a mimic D20 XD! 10/10 tattoos - the judges go wild.

Burying your toys is just a kid thing that happens it seems. I remember camping as a kid and burying some of my Batman action figures and not being able to find them. Maebh buried one of her toys at the beach last year too - we couldn't find it either. I've never heard of a river clam, much less someone being bitten by one! Ye brave warrior of the rivers of Russia. Sorry, but I've gotta one up you now. Camping when I was about 8 or 9 - myself and a few kids down at the beach area on the lake playing baseball. I was acting as the hinde catcher (person who stays behind the person swinging the bat to catch the ball) and the batter swings all the way around and hits me in the head with the aluminum baseball bat. I remember everything just going black all of a sudden and coming to a short time later where loads of adults were running down from their campsites. The next thing I remember is just looking down and being covered in blood. No pain or anything like that, just blood and a concussion. It hit me right above my left eye - had to get 4 stitches and now I have a scar in my eyebrow.

Oh wow, your badass credentials just went up again! Why did you hate it towards the end? Football is what I would have guessed as the most played or watched sport - seems that way in a lot of the world. Ireland has some sports specific to it - there's hurling (which Quidditch is based off of), camogie (hurling, but only for girls - no idea why we can't just call it hurling too), and there's Gaelic football. A lot like soccer, but they can use their hands too. Then of course regular football (soccer) is popular and rugby as well. Most kids play some form of sport it seems - that was never my jam. I think the closest I ever got to playing a sport as a kid was in high school where I was going to play American football - I did the weight lifting and everything over the Summer and then realized that I actually couldn't care less about football and decided not to do it. I always liked sitting at my computer more :D.

Hahaha, I think tax systems everywhere are basically fucked. Ireland has really high tax and a lot of indirect taxes (they expect you to pay for a tv license if you have a tv in your house - most ridiculous shit ever). Taxes in the US aren't as high directly from your paycheck when compared to Ireland. Plenty of rich people abusing tax havens from the US and Ireland though. Ireland is considered a tax haven for big tech companies, that's why so many setup here.

More to say - sorry, weekends are pretty crazy with the kids - I'll finish replying later when I can find some time! :)
jsammons90
11:27 PM
So, my issue with Obama comes from an incident in Flint, Michigan where they had contaminated water. People protested to the point of Obama actually coming out and proclaiming that the water was fine (when it wasn't) and also being fine with soldiers dying as collateral damage. I think pretty much all politicians have their hands dirty though. I would really like to see Bernie Sanders and AOC get power in the government, but they're too liberal so it'll never happen.

I've actually fully adopted Celsius and the metric system - it makes so much more fucking sense than the garbage they taught us in school!

Ireland is actually classified as a rain forest technically I believe. Winters get cold (for us, not you), below freezing at times, but usually from about 0 to 8 Celsius during winter I'd say. Sometimes it will dip below 0, but it's not too often.

Haha, yeah, baptism is typically a one time event - I guess I just had (have?) too much devilment in my heart! The first time was at one church, then we moved and I got baptised at the other church for some reason. I just remember having to go ad while the pastor was preaching, I was just imaging a battle unfolding behind him with a dragon bursting through the wall with ninjas jumping all over the place while Link from The Legend of Zelda fought them off. Had to make church interesting somehow, ya know?

You got food at Sunday school?! Man, we got fucked over... we never got fed! I think I just knew all that stuff was too ridiculous and didn't buy into the con. Churches just seemed to attract desperate people and people who wanted to take advantage of others. I mean, there's a joke about youth pastors always being pedophiles and, guess what - we had a youth pastor that ended up being a pedophile!
Jun 21
Kaktysshmanchik
12:17 AM
Aww, cheers - 10/10 from the judges, I’ll take it. =) I’m glad you like them.

I wonder what archaeologists of the future will think when they find all those buried toys. “Apparently our ancestors had some unusual funerary rituals. Oh well, moving on.”

You had me at “baseball.” Is that really something every American kid has to try at least once? I’ve never got the rules straight. The whole thing seems so complicated. Do you actually understand all of them, or am I overcomplicating things?
Holy fuck, though... yeah, okay. I don’t think I like baseball. 4 stitches... damn. Fine, you win this one.
Although I can’t count how many times I was kicked in the head, so that’s debatable. Yup. I reread that sentence, and it doesn’t sound like something to brag about. But I’m leaving it there because I got to kick people in the head too, so we’re even.

I ended up hating taekwondo because serious competitive sport sucks. Like, really sucks. You don’t have much time for anything else, the pressure is brutal, and your health often gets neglected. At least, that was my experience.
I’m sure some kids genuinely love it, but I have a hard time believing it. XD
I did love all the travelling, though. I only got to travel around Russia, but still.

Hurling looks absolutely feral, by the way. Have you ever watched it live?
And let’s settle this once and for all: the chequered ball is football or soccer? Which one do you naturally call it now?
American football looks brutal, imho. Is it?
And I can’t get over the “decided not to do it” bit. You did a whole summer of weight training, realised you didn’t give a shit, and went back to video games. That allowed? XD

Mmm, taxes. Cool, cool, cool. I wonder whether there’s anywhere they work the way they’re supposed to without becoming a massive pain in the arse.

Yeah, from the outside, politics always looks different. You end up feeding on foreign politicians’ lies and your own politicians’ lies about those foreign politicians.
That reminds me of a book, The Goblin Tower by de Camp. There’s a country where they have a king whom they behead after he’s ruled for five years. Then they throw his head into the crowd, and whoever catches it becomes the next king.
Sounds reasonable.

Aw, 0–8C in winter sounds lovely. I’m green with jealousy.
Although, all that rain... ah. No heaven on earth, I suppose. It’s either too cold, too hot, or too wet. And if it’s none of those, there’ll be huge-arse spiders.

Hahah! Yeah, I bet your church was much more entertaining that way. Did Link usually win? By god’s will, obviously.

Oh, for fuck’s sake... really? A pedophile? I knew the jokes (South Park educated me) but... fuck’s sake.
It’s so fucked up. These people walk around shoving their fairy tales down everyone’s throats, and meanwhile... yeah. Jesus would’ve been deeply disappointed.
My Sunday school was actually pretty decent. I don’t remember anything weird there, and the family who ran it seemed genuinely kind and nice overall.
But I’ve been told I was mostly sent there because of the food. =) The 90s were fun times, and free food was free food.
How old were you when you properly stopped believing?
Kaktysshmanchik
5:33 PM
Bonus thought I’m dying to share with everyone. You’re part of “everyone” now, so you have to suffer too.

I’ve been rewatching an episode of Supernatural (yeah, yeah, judge away) with a genie who captures people and feeds on them while they’re unconscious, hallucinating an entire life.

Say the genie catches someone whose real life is miserable. Do we save them? I mean, in the dream, they get to live a long and happy life, and it feels completely real to them.

I’d say we don’t.

Ooh, another thought: we could hire the genie to perform euthanasia. O_O
jsammons90
11:56 PM
'You’re part of “everyone” now, so you have to suffer too.' - I feel like I've leveled up! XD I remember seeing a few episodes of that show - didn't seem too bad. And yeah, I think letting someone be harvested while hallucinating an entire, happy life would be morally good...right? I mean, could the genie make them hallucinate a more miserable life as well? Maybe if they were having a miserable life, you stop the genie and then help them in their life, depending on what's making them miserable? Maybe they're miserable because genies keep trying to fucking eat them? XD

'Jesus - they kept killing their young and burying action figures and wooden toys with them!'

Baseball isn't too hard from what I can remember, but I never really watched it or played it much or anything like that. It's easier when someone sits down and explains the rules to you. Also, a lot of Americans love baseball so it's hard to ignore when you're surrounded by it too. Were these sessions of being kicked in the head and kicking others in the head during taekwondo, or were you partaking in extra curricular ass beatings? At least you got to travel around, but yeah, the rest of that is a pretty good reason to hate doing taekwondo as you got older :/.

I've never watched it live - probably barely actually watched a game of it on tv to be honest, but Maebh and Tadhg started doing it. Maebh isn't able to keep up though - too hard to actually see the ball because of her impairment, but we didn't want to tell her no when she wanted to try it. We just let her give it her best shot until she decides she wants to try something else. I think I would call that a football at this point, but it probably honestly depends on who I would be talking to at the time. American - soccer. Irish - football or gaelic football. Anyone else, football. American football isn't too bad - you have lots of pads on and stuff, but there are plenty of times where people get concussions and stuff while still wearing the helmet. I think rugby would be more dangerous to be honest as those guys don't wear helmets or pads. Hahaha, yeahhhh - that's pretty much what happened. The football coach wasn't happy about it, but I didn't care - what could he do?

I mean, I think I could get behind this whole beheading politicians thing and using it to choose the next politician!

Oh yeah, Link always won - it was a great way to pass the time! Must have been divine intervention each time ;). Yup, couldn't believe it when I found out....I mean I could, but I was still disappointed. I've always been one happy to have a free meal, so I don't blame you for going and enjoying it! If the people are nice and not trying to be weird and shove religion down your throat then that's okay - being around nice people is okay. To be honest, I don't actually ever really remember believing it. I think it was told to me and I just kinda nodded along, but didn't put too much thought into it. What about you?

It was fathers day today and Joanna and the kids got me this awesome obsidian D20 - I'll send a picture of it :).
How was your weekend by the way? Get up to anything?
_Jun 21, 2026_09:56_0.jpeg
Jun 22
Kaktysshmanchik
1:25 PM
I’m not sure whether the genie could make their imagined life miserable. It seems somewhat like a drug - I don’t think he can control it.
If he could control it, though... the entire penitentiary system could be reformed. Just drug someone for a day or so and make them go through years’ worth of hallucinated therapy.

“Maybe they’re miserable because genies keep trying to fucking eat them?”
Yeah... I hadn’t thought of that. XD Could be that, sure.

“Jesus - they kept killing their young and burying action figures and wooden toys with them!”
XD Okay, yours is better.

Yeah, all the head-kicking festivities happened during taekwondo. It’s not some obscure Russian custom for raising children.

I can’t imagine how anyone keeps track of a tiny ball flying straight at them at speed...

“People get concussions and stuff while still wearing the helmet.”
Mmm... cheerful. Funny thing is, I’ve never had a concussion. You’d think it would be expected. Either I have a thick skull or I was just lucky. Nah, I’m going to believe it was all about skill. =)

Oh, I believed. Like, really believed. Prayed and all that. The good thing was that it wasn’t Catholicism - no crushing guilt. I can’t imagine how Catholics cope.

Happy Father’s Day, by the way! And wow... that d20 is so pretty.
Is Father’s Day a big thing there? I don’t think we have anything like that here. Well, perhaps we do on paper, but no one really pays attention to it.

Ah, my weekend was great. I finished a book and started another. I even had time to log everything in my book journal and try out some new ink. ^_^
And I went for a walk. I unsheathed my camera, but that wasn’t very successful - I only got two pictures that weren’t too shitty. And a bunch of blurry dog pictures.



Kaktysshmanchik
2:02 PM
Your bard might appreciate this https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZjlYFWLUDBQ

jsammons90
3:39 PM
Omg, that video was hilarious - just sent it to my D&D group XD

Lovely photos by the way! Which one of your dogs is that? Also, writing down about your book is a good idea to process what you've read - never would have thought to do that. How many books have you written down about like that?

Oooo, a way to make people process their crimes and actually reflect on it instead of just incarcerating them for their lives - easy there, your progressiveness is showing.

I honestly have no idea how people play hurling/camogie with those little balls at that speed - it baffles me too. I'm surprised that you never got a concussion with doing taekwondo though! Any broken bones or other injuries? There's gotta be something!

Yeah, Catholics are really guilt tripped about everything - especially sex and how immoral it is and all that shit. As a baptist, they just yell at you about how you're all sinners and should burn in hell if not for God's forgiveness blah blah blah.

Oh, thanks! :) I love the D20, wasn't expecting it at all! Father's Day isn't huge or anything like that, but the kids were really excited and wanted to show their appreciation and Joanna and I both try to let the other have a nice, relaxing day on mothers/fathers day.

Which book did you end up starting? Also, I love that you didn't just take your camera out - you unsheathed that motherfucker! XD

Did you ever play any MMO's growing up? I just saw that they're re-releasing the first EverQuest in a few weeks - think I may grab it for a bit of nostalgia :) https://www.everquestlegends.com/shop
Shop | EverQuest Legends

www.everquestlegends.com •EverQuest Legends

Kaktysshmanchik
4:39 PM
Happy to provide! Imagine some sophisticated and terribly smug emoji here.
By the way, do you and your party know the classic gazebo story? >_>

The dog is Jargie, the flat-coated retriever. As you can clearly see, he’s very enthusiastic.
I couldn’t tell you how many books I’ve journalled like that - it’s a lot. But yeah, it helps me keep track of my thoughts, and it can be interesting to revisit them later. It’s also an excuse to use pretty notebooks, stickers, and ink.
Do you keep track of anything by hand? I find that writing things down helps me remember them much better.

Ah, yeah, sorry. It was a typo. What I meant to say was: off with their heads!
I do believe that a lot of criminals are simply very unlucky people. Poverty, a lack of options and education, and desperation can do wonders.
I’ve heard that the US prison system is quite similar to the Russian one. Well... it was, before this whole shitshow. What about Ireland? Do they treat the baddies like actual human beings?

Nothing as dramatic as taking a baseball bat to the head. You win this one.
I just twisted my ankles about a thousand times and fucked up my knees. Ah, and then spent 6 years in therapy. XD Whatever I earned from sport, I’ve already spent tenfold fixing the damage. =)
I did break my arm last year, though - while doing the grocery shopping. That’s a very dangerous activity. Can’t recommend it.

Ah, so baptists are all about being grateful for not burning in hell? That seems marginally better than catholic guilt.

I started A Hero of Our Time by Lermontov. It’s going to be a quick read - it’s in Russian and only about 200 pages. Just wanted to revisit it.

Of course I unsheathed my camera. There’s no point in going out if you’re not going to be dramatic about it.

Yeah, I used to play WoW. More recently, I played Path of Exile. I also tried Black Desert, Perfect World, and Aion. Ah, and I worked on Allods Online for a few months - does that count? =)
Although I don’t think I’ve ever heard of EverQuest. Anyway, I probably won’t be able to buy it unless it appears on Steam or some shady reseller site. That’s how things work these days. =)
What’s so tempting about it for you? Is it mostly nostalgia, or was there something about the game itself?
jsammons90
7:05 PM
Uhhhh, yeahhh....I mean, I totally know the gazebo story, but please tell the rest of us here that are unfamiliar.

Jargie looks so sweet! I love his enthusiasm :). Nope! I can barely keep track of appointments that I need to do or meetings that I need to attend - couldn't tell you the last thing that I physically wrote down. Back when I was in high school, I used to always carry a little pocket sized notebook with me to write stuff down though. Dunno why I stopped.

Off with their heads! XD I agree with you, I think a lot of it is lack of education, desperation, poverty, stuff like that too. I don't think most people are inherently born evil or anything like that - just products of their environment. The prison system in America is a bit of a joke - definitely disproportionately represented by minorities. A lot of people serving a lot of time for drug possession and stuff like that. There's also for-profit prisons where private companies run the prisons and make money off of how many people are incarcerated. Now THAT'S evil! Does Russia have any of that nonsense? Ireland is much better in regards to that. Most people will stay out of prison unless they do something pretty bad, like murder or rape.

Ouch - that's really unfortunate about all of the time you've had to spend in therapy for your injuries. Is it better now? Woah there daredevil - what did you expect when you decided to go SHOPPING?! Didn't you realize the dangers in that?! But seriously, how did you break your arm shopping?

Marginally better - just told how you're scum and a sinner and deserve to burn in hell, but fortunately you can repent. There's also those crazy mega churches in the states that rake in the money. There's one guy in particular, Kennith Copeland, that actually looks like a demon to me. Here's a video of when a reporter went and started asking him questions: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9LtF34MrsfI
Whoops, wasn't done yet! The way that dude goes from smiling to yelling and then back to smiling...pure evil in that dude.
Haha, I appreciate the dramatics. Good way to live life.

Oh nice, when did you play WoW? I played back in Vanilla for a long time and through most of the expansions. I've never heard of Aion or Perfect World or Allods Online - I'm feeling very uncultured all of a sudden. What did you do on Allods Online? EverQuest was the first 3D MMO. I remember my dad buying it for me when I was a kid, not realizing you had to pay a monthly subscription. He wouldn't let me use his credit card to pay for the sub, so all I could do was install the game and do the tutorial area. I'll actually be able to get past that this time! XD It's probably just the nostalgia of thinking about that with my dad that makes me really want to play it to be honest :).
Kaktysshmanchik
9:53 PM
XD Oh my, you’re missing out, mate! Here you go:
Eric and the Dread Gazebo: https://www.reddit.com/r/DnDGreentext/s/MnAdVVY4kj

Aw, pocket notebooks are the best. I’m the other way round, though - I only started writing things down a few years ago.

Ooh, yeah, drug possession used to be a very popular charge in Russia too. I guess it’s easy to plant that shit. These days, though, treason seems to be the fashionable one. We’re very bad people. Tsk. How disappointing.
I’d never heard of for-profit prisons, though. That’s horrible. Doesn’t that smell rather strongly of slavery? They get people who can’t say or do shit to work for them... sounds vile.
No, I don’t think we have anything quite like that. But prisoners do work for the state. Besides, you don’t even have to build a prison to get yourself a handful of slaves - you can exploit migrants or other people in desperate situations instead. In a town near where I live, they found a farm where actual slaves were working. The workers were from North Korea, if I remember correctly. Awful. You run away from one shithole and end up in another.
Ireland seems to be doing things right. Great.

Nah, I’m doing fine - no need to be morbid about it. It’s more in my head. I meant psychological therapy - shrink, not physio. I’m more worried about the people who never got out. Some of them now work at the same sports school, I guess. I’m not sure what to call it in English.
Anyhow. Yeah! I was just walking to the shop, one block away from where I live. I slipped, and voila - fractured a bone in my right arm. Gaming was an absolute bitch for quite a while.
Hah! Just a month ago, I twisted my ankle while walking to the kitchen through a completely empty corridor. I have a great talent.
Besides the baseball-bat incident, do you have any stupid injuries to brag about? =)

Oh my fucking fuck... what a creep. O_O
“I love your eyes.” Ew! “Sweetheart.” And... did he call her “babe”? O_o
But I’m sure there’s natural gas on his private property because the Lord gave it to him.
“It’s your grandfathers that we’re standing on their shoulders?”
Bloody hell, what an absolute wanker!
Fuck... you had to wind me up in the evening, didn’t you? XD
Damn. Yeah, we have morons exactly like him. Just one example: there was a photo of some high-ranking church twat wearing a watch worth about €30,000. The watch had been edited out of the picture, but they forgot to remove its reflection from the table. I’ll try to find it.

I think I started WoW during the Lich King thing, then stopped when Cataclysm came out. I returned once, when there were pandas...
It was pretty nice. I had a guild and all that. I think I played a troll hunter. And I also had a tauren... something. It was too long ago.
On Allods, I was still working in QA. =) Only for a short time, though - I didn’t like the manager much. It was fun otherwise. I did a lot of work on the English localisation.

Aw, that’s actually a rather sweet story. =) Sounds like a great reason to play it.
But yeah, the monthly subscription must have been quite a surprise. We’re used to that nonsense now, but back then...

Oh, by the way, I know what we could play one day: Serious Sam! I think I somehow missed the fourth game. O_o
_Jun 22, 2026_09:53_0.jpeg
And here's our princess with the watch
Jun 23
jsammons90
2:38 PM
That gazebo story! XD Too funny, never read that before - thank you for sharing :)

Yeah, it is pretty much modern day slavery. Having a stock price dependent on how many people you have jailed shouldn't be a thing - I really don't understand how people are okay with it. They barely look after the people in there too, since it's all for profit. They give people the bare bare minimum. I really don't understand how anybody that is wound up in that can sleep at night, ya know? Oh you rowdy bunch of dissenters - off to the gulag with you! Didn't know that about those poor people from North Korea - what a shit hand to be dealt in life :/.

Ahhh, I've gotcha. I had to spend time in a psych hospital myself! :D When I was around 20, my brother-in-law was a recruiter for the Navy and recruited me in. I figured it would be a way to get some money and education and see the world. Went to bootcamp and was there for a few days and I just started thinking to myself - why the fuck am I actually here? I don't agree with going off and fighting wars for rich old white dudes, which is what the military is really for. Problem is, it's not easy to walk out once you get in as you basically sign away your rights when you get there - you've gotta do something drastic to get out. I told them I was suicidal which meant that I then had to go to a psych hospital for like 2 months to be assessed. Apparently, it's pretty common there with people who don't want to be in. The doctor was like, "Well, you're not suicidal - just didn't want to be in the Navy?" to which I replied, "Yep.". He told me that was all good and would put down that I'm not fit for duty. Had to go back to bootcamp for like 6 weeks to be processed out, but at least I got out!

I....I think you may just need to sit down....away from any sharp corners or hard floors for a bit. XD Hmmm, I have a scar across my left middle finger where I had to get stitches too. Back when I was like 14, myself and my sister were sneaking Christmas presents from out under the Christmas tree and opening them before Christmas (no idea how we thought we wouldn't be caught) and when my mom figured it out, she told us to just go ahead and open the rest. So I got some movies and games and was using a knife to take the plastic wrap off of one. The knife slipped off the plastic and right across the top of my finger - had to get four stitches in that finger to close it up! :D Have you had to get any stitches?

Hahaha, yeah - that dude is fucking insane. Something about his eyes just looks evil to me. Him and these other pastors of mega churches going and living lavish lives while poor people are sending their money to them....I wish people would realize the con-men that they are. Wooooow, nice editing there, guys! Seriously, it's so funny how these fuckers know that they're peddling bullshit and the lengths that they'll go to try and hide it. At least death comes for us all - the great equalizer!

Oh yeah, I did Vanilla up through Lich King - took a break for Cataclysm, came back for Pandaria, took a break then for another expansion or two, then played again a few years ago, and haven't played since. That's cool to work QA on a game! When I was younger I wanted to get into game dev, until I realized how much game devs are fucked over by the industry. Then I decided to take the easier path and just work for some big tech company where I can spend most of my time playing games :)

Thanks - I like little memories like that :). My dad died when I was 12 I think it was, so I cherish all of those little memories. Oh yeah, I remember being really surprised back then! The next game that I remember coming out with a sub was WoW.

Oh wow - I've got a bunch of the Serious Sam games, but not sure which ones. I don't think I've really played any of them. I was also thinking about Teardown if you've ever tried that? Pretty fun voxel physics game where you're destroying the environment to solve puzzles! :D
Kaktysshmanchik
4:10 PM
I guess too many people simply don’t care about those in prison, and that’s how they end up in a horror show. More than that, there’s this loud minority (I really hope they’re a minority) who want more blood, worse conditions, and more cruelty. The dehumanisation is horrific. Sometimes it’s understandable when someone has personally been a victim of a crime, but I doubt everyone demanding that prisoners suffer more has actually been a victim of anything.

Oh my, that’s horrible... and here I thought the US military system was better than that. So it’s not just a job you can quit?
In my opinion, any army is rancid. I know it’s not that simple - we can’t just tell every soldier to get up and leave and expect heaven on уarth. That would be nice, though. But I hate what the army does to men.
Here, almost every man is expected to serve. Only for a year, but still. And there are a lot of horror stories about men being abused by officers and by soldiers who are nearly finished with their service.
What was boot camp actually like for you, though, apart from wanting to get out?
It’s nice that the doctor understood what you were doing and didn’t try to make things more difficult for you.

“I think you may just need to sit down... away from any sharp corners or hard floors for a bit.”
Come to think of it, I’d better lie down. Better safe than sorry.

Man... you live a really dangerous life.
No, I’ve never had any stitches. What a shame. =(
One of my dachshunds has, though. Does that count? She got cocky around my older dog. I had a collie before the flat-coated numpty, and she was a very strict lady.

It’s a bit sad that we have to rely on death, though. =) Besides, with all the work scientists are doing on prolonging life, we’d better come up with some new ways to deal with such tossers.
Since we’re on the subject, what’s your take on prolonging life?
It sounds great to me, but I’m not sure our society or social sciences are advanced enough to handle it. If we don’t find a way to distribute power more effectively, we’re screwed. I’m not eager to spend another couple of hundred years with Putin. Love the bloke, 10/10, but no thank you.

Yeah, game development is... “interesting” is one word for it. I started with an MMO racing game - that was my first QA job. I had a great lead who taught me a lot, and the team was great too. But the demands... oof. It was also fun digging through reviews after playtests, trying to figure out what the hell people meant by things like “toyota feels meh, and ford sucks,” and how exactly we were supposed to fix that.

I’m sorry about your dad. Twelve is far too young to lose him. I can see why that little EverQuest memory means so much to you.

Ah, yeah, I’ve heard of Teardown. It sounds fun, although I don’t think I’ve ever played anything quite like it.
I only remembered Serious Sam yesterday because it was on sale. SS4 was about $3. And while I was completing the epic quest of finding a way to pay for it, the sale ended. Can you believe that? $13! I bought it anyway and ended up playing until 3 AM. I regret nothing.
jsammons90
8:03 PM
I think that there's definitely a loud minority that do seem especially bloodthirsty for immigrants. Of course all whipped up by those at the very top to try and get people to fight each other rather than them.

Oh the US military are a bunch of assholes. They go into high schools to try and recruit kids before they've even finished graduating. Lots of ads trying to show what a hero you'll be and all that - same propaganda that we discussed before. Gonna end up down a rabbit hole now - here's one from 1987: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f4pvQ32XWzE

Here's one where everyone is just so happy to be an amazing soldier: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QG8DXajoVWc

Oh yeah, I remember this gem on tv when I was younger too: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=62tnJtLBQzQ

Nope, once you sign your papers to join, you legally give up your constitutional rights until you leave. When you get to boot camp, the first bit is all about sleep deprivation and trying to break you down - you only get 1-2 hours of sleep and you're being yelled at constantly. Any mistake results in some sort of punishment where everyone has to exercise or stand at attention or something like that. Some of the first things that they do is give everyone a haircut and get injections for any sicknesses. They pretty much just trying to break everyone down so that they can mold everyone into the same person - an unquestioning little army ant. I have heard some terrible abuse stories and whatnot about recruits in the Russian army, just from stuff I've read on Reddit :/.

Hahaha - whatever it takes to avoid any more damage XD. Uh-oh, little bit of fighting in the pecking order. Did your dachshund learn not to fuck with your older dog?

Oh yeah, 100% agreed. We need to find a quicker way to eject these parasites from our societies :). Funny you should mention that - I was just reading or watching something recently talking about Putin's obsession with prolonged life. I don't think the human body can withstand much more than what we currently do - not without replacing older parts with transplants or something like that. But then you get into some very questionable stuff about people just being grown to harvest their organs....actually, reminds me of a book that I read as a kid where that was pretty much the premise - I think it was called The House of the Scorpion. Of course, the ultra wealthy will hoard any advancements like that for themselves. What's your take on it?

Wait....MMO racing game...do you remember what it was called? I feel like I remember some MMO racing game from years ago that didn't last too long. What do you mean? Can you not tell exactly what's wrong with such in-depth feedback?!

Ah yeah, thanks. It was really surprising at the time, really unexpected. I didn't have a great childhood all together - parents split up when I was young (around 5), dad died when I was 12, and then my mother wasn't a mother at all - she was just off partying all the time when I was a kid.

Oh yeah, it's a good time. Something about destroying everything that you can see that's a bit cathartic sometimes! :D Of course the sale ended right when you were trying to purchase it >.>. Glad to hear that you still picked it up and had a good time though :)

Kaktysshmanchik
9:45 PM
O_O The first video is so random... Starts with a knight and then suddenly turns into military recruitment. I see what they mean, but it still feels completely deranged.
All right... I take it back. After the third one, the first looks almost normal. Who even comes up with ideas like that?
Our recruitment videos look less unhinged after those: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IFjLPxf4hWE It’s in Russian, obviously, but the idea is pretty simple: there are “men,” and then there are Men.

And the second video... I wonder why they don’t show the blood and gore, mind-numbing patrols, or bombs going off. PTSD. Huh. A mystery.

The Russian military targets kids too these days. Some schools have even added classes where children make parts for drones and learn to operate them. Disgusting.
And I remember that when I was at school, my PE teacher used to tell the class how great it would be if the boys joined the army after graduation instead of going to uni. Camaraderie, strength, all that.
He had a message for the girls too: we should marry someone who had served because he’d be healthy, disciplined, blah blah blah. Yup, healthy - especially if he’d seen combat.

See, every country does need an army. And there is a reason they try to break people down - otherwise, it would be much harder to make them kill and die on command. But it’s still rancid. I don’t know how the people running those systems sleep at night. Maybe they simply stop seeing soldiers as people. Otherwise, I haven’t the slightest idea.

Nope. The dachshund is still a deranged little creature. They’re hunting dogs that are supposed to go into a burrow and kill prey on their own, so they’re quite brave and have no brakes.

Ah, yeah, they say Putin invests a lot in life-extension research. But he’s also driven away a lot of good scientists with this war and laws, so good luck with that. Actually, many of them are in the US now. Other countries too, obviously, but the US has always been popular that way for some reason.
Yeah, I’ve watched some videos about life extension, but I don’t know all the fancy terms in English, so bear with me. =)
If we’re talking about organs, it might eventually be less impossible than it sounds. You alter genes in pigs so their organs are more suitable for humans (CRISPR-Cas9 is the weapon of your choice here), and in theory, you get organs ready for transplantation at the price of pork. Not sure how you’re going to feel about that one, though...
There’s also the thing where the ends of chromosomes get shorter over time. Scientists have managed to lengthen them again with... er... something. It worked in mice, at least, so that’s a start.
I’m more worried about the brain. Some people say that if the body stays young, the brain will too. I dunno... Could be. Could be not. I’m not sure how much evidence there is yet.
Have you ever looked into the subject properly?

I worked on World of Speed. We were trying to make something vaguely like NFS, but the investors decided to pull out at some point, and the project was eventually sold. https://store.steampowered.com/app/623880/World_of_Speed/
Gods... I remember that cringeworthy UI. The whole QA team swore at the design so much!
Are you into racing games? Or were?

Miserable-childhood high five, then? Dark little club. Mine split up when I was about seven, I think. My dad's still alive, but I don’t see him. He did eventually learn my birthday and sends me money now, though. Well, a few more books for me, I guess.
That sounds really rough on your side, though. Losing your dad that young and then not really having a mother either is a lot for a kid.

So that’s why you said you’re not a fan of your family, huh? What about your sister?
Is this the point where we start sharing our tragic childhood stories? Because I have material. XD

See, that’s why I love Serious Sam - basically the same reason. Just running around and shredding aliens. It hits the spot. And it’s one of my favorite childhood games.
Funny thing: I associate Blackbird by McCartney with the first Serious Sam. Every time I launched the game, I also put music on, and Blackbird was always first on the playlist.
https://open.spotify.com/track/5jgFfDIR6FR0gvlA56Nakr?si=8fca1c8c6eff4634

I wanted to add something else too... Huh. Can't remember. Oh well. I'll ping you if I do.
Jun 24
Kaktysshmanchik
9:27 AM
Ah, I remembered. I fixed discord. I bought another VPN sub (I have 6 now >_<) - now I can use discord not only on my phone! Yay! Civilization! Don't know how good voice calls will be though...
The thing is that somehow anything else I have only works through apps - this one has chrome plugin.
jsammons90
6:06 PM
Woooow, that Russian ad for the military is definitely trying to shame people for being who they are. Just can't accept that people are all different. I would actually say that the men that they are trying to shame are more manly for being who they are in a society that would be actively aggressive towards how they are presenting themselves. Funny how similar the US and the Russian ones are, really. Oh yeah, the reality is that you'll either be bored out of your mind or put into a PTSD hellscape.

Wow, that's gross. I guess indoctrinating children is a tale as old as time though, can't really same I'm surprised. Back in the US, in the south anyways, there's this whole reverence around military members that is just so...misplaced. I mean, yeah, I can understand having a military to DEFEND your country - but that's not what the US or Russia are doing, both of our countries are the aggressors historically. What is it with PE teachers always being this right wing dudes that are all nationalistic and shit?! XD It was the same in my school.

Oh yeah, I've heard about them harvesting pigs for organ transplants. I haven't looked too much into it or anything like that, just read the odd article here or there. I have heard that organs from pigs last for a little while, but the body ultimately rejects them which is the major obstacle at the moment. But, you're right, I still feel bad for the poor pigs being slaughtered for some shit head humans :/.

Cool to see a game that you worked on in Steam! I can't remember if that's the game I was thinking of or not....it was definitely a racing MMO that I heard about, and how many of those could there be? Nah, racing hasn't ever really been my jam. I need a story, a convoluted upgrade system, and a huge time sink for my games :P. I can't imagine you're into racing games?

Yaaaaaay for us. Sorry to hear that they split up, it sucks. I just remember them fighting when I was a kid - usually about money. Are you close with your mom? Haha, oh yes, we've reached the tragic backstories part of getting to know each other. Yeah, none of my family are really close to talk to each other much. I loved my dad so much and was destroyed when he passed. I really loved his mom as well, she passed about 10 years ago now. My dads sister is still alive, she's really nice, but we don't talk or anything like that - I just go and visit her if I'm ever in the states. My sisters and I don't really talk. My little sister and I always fought when we were kids, never got along. We're civil if we see each other now, but I think in the last 15 years, I've only seen her 2 or 3 times? She ended up having a kid at 16 with a 16 year old dude and moving to Tennessee with him because that's where he was from with his family. That whole relationship fell apart pretty quickly and she was living all over the place sharing custody of their son. Both her and the dad were getting arrested for various things and the kid, Hunter, ended up bouncing around his dads family members. Last I heard, he's now living with his 17 year old girlfriend (he's 15 now) in a trailer with her grandparents in Tennessee and my sister is back jumping from relationship to relationship in South Carolina.

My older sister and I always got on when we were kids, buuuuutttt she's kinda fucked her life up at this point. I thought she had her life together for a long time I moved to Ireland, but the curtain was lifted up on all of that since I moved over. Her husband, Bill, is addicted to gambling. I remember when I lived with them in Arizona for a few years that he was always at the casino. Before I left for Ireland, he asked if he could borrow some money, so I took out a 5k loan for him. He promised to pay it back quickly and, up until this point, he always seemed to be on top of everything. I fought with him over the course of the next two years after I moved over to get any money back, ended up getting back like 1.8k out of the 5 and ended up just letting it go after paying off the loan myself. Found out as time went on that he was borrowing money from people constantly and fucking them over. Both he and my sister were doing this to people all over the place. THEN, last year, my sister was arrested for stealing a bunch of money from a charity - I think it was like 17k she got caught stealing? Dunno if you'll be able to view this, but here's a news story about it: https://www.foxcarolina.com/2025/10/28/treasurer-charged-with-stealing-thousands-upstate-non-profit-deputies-say/

Sooooo, yeah....families, amiright?

Hahaha, that's hilarious - just imagining killing hordes of enemies with Blackbird playing XD. Oh, I feel like we're about to also be at that point of sharing music. In which case, have you ever heard of Flight of the Conchords? They're like a folk, comedy duo from New Zealand. I love their stuff - here's one: https://open.spotify.com/track/0B906sdusB592hIgBmNZl7?si=46e7fed62e5d49a0

Oh nice work on getting Discord working! That's a crazy amount of VPN's that you have to sub to lol. We can definitely try out a voice call sometime to see if it's stable!

So, my
Community rallies to replace funds Upstate non-profit treasurer accused of stealing

www.foxcarolina.com •The Anderson County Sheriff’s Office said that a woman was arrested on Tuesday for stealing from a non-profit while serving as its treasurer.

Kaktysshmanchik
8:16 PM
About the ad... mm. I’m not sure about the “manly” part. Lately, I’ve been struggling with the whole concept of “masculine” and “feminine.” Before I started trying to think critically about it, it was easy enough: tough, decisive, brave — masculine. Soft, emotional, caring — feminine. And then you start applying those labels to actual people, and the whole thing goes to hell.
Besides, it feels a bit insulting when masculinity basically comes to mean dominance and femininity means submission. At least, that’s how I’ve started seeing it lately.
I’d rather we got rid of the concepts entirely, but I suppose that’s impossible. The good thing is that people are trying to blur the line between them, though I’m not sure that fixes anything yet.

“in the south anyways, there's this whole reverence around military members that is just so...misplaced.”
So do the North and South have noticeably different attitudes towards the military? What else? What's the vibe?
Yeah, defence is the key, agreed. But some people seem to be very fond of offence too. Does the US have those military parades where they roll out all the weapons and show them off? They do that shit in Moscow on Victory Day — half the country gets a semi watching it. >_<
PE teachers really are the worst. XD What sort of nationalist wisdom did yours share?

Yup, I thought you wouldn’t like the pig thing. Well... we can’t agree on everything, can we? =)
But hey, they're working on 3d printing organs too. They can take someone's cells, grow them - and print a new organ out of it. So maybe pigs are gonna be left alone after all. Those organs are tiny though - can't print a full sized one yet. But still...

I’m not into racing games at all. =) I can’t drive, and I don’t understand cars. The game was simply something I had to work on, so for a while I became a real car nerd. Had to =)
Are you into cars at all?

To the fun part then...

Ah, the fighting. Yup, I remember that too. Vaguely, though — mostly just the vibe.
Hm... Am I close to my mother... Huh. You sound exactly like my therapist. XD
Nah, I don’t think so. When I was a teenager, I smoked and drank — ordinary teenage stuff. Once, when I came home, she hugged and kissed me. I was so shocked because that’s not something we ever did, you know? Yeah, it turned out she just wanted to smell whether I’d been smoking or drinking.
So no, we’re not particularly close. She tries to stay in touch and makes me come over from time to time, calls too. I help her out or give her money if she needs it. That doesn’t mean I like doing it, but I fold like wet cardboard.

Aw, I’m sorry about your gran. That really sucks. And your dad... it’s wonderful that you had such a good relationship with him, but I bet that made losing him hurt even more.

Oh my... and people talk as if the US is brilliant when it comes to protecting minors. I’m sorry things went so badly for your little sister and for her son. Watching all of that unfold must have been awful too. How old were you when the shitshow started?

Oof, gambling is a bitch, yeah. My dad had that problem too. Better these days, apparently, but it used to be pretty bad.
And look at you! Taking out that loan for Bill was incredibly kind. A little naive, perhaps, but we’re all naive in one way or another. Believing in someone says good things about you, in my opinion.
Are you still angry with Bill?

Damn... yeah, the link worked for me. I can’t imagine what it must have felt like to read that about your own sister. And it was only last year, so it must still feel rather fresh.

You seem to have turned out remarkably well despite all of it. Some good news, at least.

You okay after digging through all of that?

So... what can I tell you about my own family...
As I said, my dad had a gambling problem, and he was an alcoholic too. After my parents split up, he visited when my mother made him. He was all right, I guess. He gave me my first beer. XD The best way to buy a child’s loyalty.

My mother did her best, I suppose. But I didn’t always like what her best looked like.
Ah... it’s all so tangled. >_<
Alright.
I started taekwondo when I was 5. When I was about 8, my mother got into some kind of relationship with my trainer. I don’t know exactly what it was — nobody ever explained it to me. But the trainer moved in with us. She was a terrifying woman, though that’s a whole other story.
Anyhow, my mother passed some exams and became a trainer too. In public, I was expected to call her by her full name to preserve the decorum. It did my head in.
Then I became a little shit of a teenager. Nothing especially horrible — smoking, drinking, coming home late, bad grades. That’s when the beatings started.
Ugh... I remember going to my trainer’s birthday when I was in my 20s. Some of her friends were there, along with people I used to train with. And at some point, she said to me something like, “A little beating is beneficial for a child. Tell them.”
That felt like shit. Some stared at me, waiting for an answer. Others looked uncomfortable. I just muttered something. I still feel like shit about it.

I’m going to hold back the more entertaining stories for now, though. =) Like the time I was disowned. Or the time I tried to run away from home but stayed because my mother talked logic at me. XD

Hah! The song is hilarious. I don’t remember hearing it before, but I think I recognise the album cover. Yeah, I appreciate a good joke in a song. =)
I think you might appreciate the lyrics in this one:
https://open.spotify.com/track/40wmXUgVB0N5eLK8CuOhm3?si=vRUFjX1uSU6M8rl25K18oQ
Have you ever heard of Poor Man’s Poison? Or their side project, Dr. Villain?

Yeah, VPNs get blocked from time to time, and then their developers find another way around it. So I keep backups. If one fails me, another one will work. =)
We should definitely test the voice call sometime.

Also, your message ends with “So, my...” >_>

And I’m sorry, but I’m going to start running my messages through GPT for grammar. Checking everything myself takes far too long, and I don’t want you to suffer through all my mistakes.
I promise I write everything myself first, and then check carefully to make sure GPT hasn’t added anything or changed what I meant.
If that bothers you even slightly, just tell me.
Oh! Bragging time! I bought a pretty desk. Look at this beauty
_Jun 24, 2026_08:19_0.jpeg
Jun 25
jsammons90
12:11 PM
I agree - I think the whole thing with masculine versus feminine is patriarchal bullshit to keep people one way or another. I think people can and are both in different ways. A think a big one would be emotions - men are expected to bottle up emotions and not show it and women are expected to wail and be blubbering messes, but the reality is that we all feel all emotions and there's nothing wrong with them and it's very healthy to show and process your emotions. The whole thing with dominance and submission like you said too - it's all bullshit. Oh, and when a dude goes around calling himself an 'Alpha' or 'Alpha Male', I think that's the dumbest thing ever and it just shows how fragile that person is. Do men go around calling themselves that in Russia at all?

Oh yeah, I would say that there are some pretty big differences between the two. My family always said that people from the north were rude and stuck-up and called them yanks. In reality, people in the north are typically wealthier and would be more accepting of people that aren't white, especially places like New York city. Not too sure their views on the military in the north, I'm sure they're still thankful and stuff, but probably not as brainwashed as the south I would think. There would be more education up north compared to the south as well. Are there any parts of Russia that would be a lot more liberal, or is everyone a bit too afraid of the government to make too much noise? Oh yeah, I've heard about that shit that they do on Victory Day - what a farce. They don't do any of that in the US fortunately. Haha, our PE teachers were always the ones that taught history as well as PE and they would have been coaches for different teams in the school as well, like football, baseball, etc. They were always these traditional white dudes that were very patriarchal.

I've never really been into cars or anything like that in any big way, but I know how to work on one a little bit for basic things. My uncle owned an auto-repair shop and he gave me a job for a year or so after high school - just sweeping floors and stuff, but I still learned while I was there. The only car that I really like is a 69 Mach One Mustang, but that's just because it's the car my dad had. I'll send a picture of one over. He loved that car and it was really cool, but my step-mom took it and sold it after he died. It was supposed to go to myself and my sisters, but she forged some signatures and took everything he had of value. We never heard from her again after he died - she was kind of a bitch.

Ahh, yes.....and how does that make you feel, Kathy? By the way, I didn't receive the funds for our last session. XD

That's really sad about the hug and stuff....pretty screwed up how parents can be so callus to their own children. My kids are so affectionate, they needs hugs and kisses and cuddles all the time, and I'm happy to give them all that they need.

Ah, thanks. She was great, had lots of fun with her. She never like my mom either, but she loved all of her grandchildren. All I can remember from him dying is just not knowing how to feel - I was in pure shock. I think I just turned into a zombie for a while, trudging along.

Oh no, the US is absolutely fucked when it comes to protecting minors. Republicans are all about not letting people have abortions, but as soon as the kid is born, they couldn't care less. Teen pregnancy is really high in the south too. I'm 3 years older than her, so it was around the time that I was 19 that she was pregnant and left what her sons dad. She was back a forth a bunch over the years between Tennessee and South Carolina, but she would also steal from my mom and older sister when they would help her out. Honestly, I'm just happy to be far, far away from them all.

It really is awful. Bill's son, Owen, who is about 20 now, is just like Bill now too. He sits there on gambling sites on his phone gambling his money - it makes me sad when I think back to the kid he was. I don't think I would say I'm angry at Bill about it anymore, but I definitely don't trust him and I feel that I definitely resent him for it. He's very charismatic and is great at manipulating people because of it. I think more than anything, I just see through the bullshit now. It was quite the wake-up call when he did that to me, but I don't regret trying to help someone out.

I think we're both pretty great after all of the bullshit that we've been through - go us! XD

Oh yeah, I'm find to talk about all of this stuff. If you don't want to talk about anything, there's no need to share. I'm pretty much an open book, I've got no reservations, but I know not everyone is like that.

Well that's fucked up, I'm sorry to hear about all of that for you growing up. I remember as a kid, we got spankings with a leather belt if we misbehaved, but this was when we were young, not when we were teenagers. I have a feeling the beatings that you got were worse than what we got though...The thing that pisses me off about that is that, after all that, she still comes and asks you for money after abusing you when you were younger. The whole thing with having to call her by her full name reminds me of something from when I was younger too - my mom would tell us that children are to be seen and not heard. Basically, don't make any noise or talk to anyone and be little statues. Also, you had to be respectful to every adult and have perfect manners, even if those adults were twats. That whole comment that she said about beatings as well, that's so fucked up. I hope you don't mind me saying, but it sounds like she needs a little beating and for the person to make her say thank you afterwards >.>. I can only imagine that she had a similar upbringing if that's how she treated you?

It's been a tough cycle to break for me with my own children, with the spankings and expectations as a child that I was brought up with, but I know all of that stuff is fucked up, so I've never done that to my kids. Hopefully they remember their childhood happier than I remember mine. I do remember once when I was probably 7, my older sister had friends over and I was trying to be silly and make them all laugh, so I was walking around in my moms high heel shoes pretending to be a woman. My mom saw and jerked me up and gave me a spanking with a leather belt because of it - she was terrified that I would turn out gay -_-. We also got spankings with hickory switches, which were like these sticks that are very flexible - those really stung. You just got kind used to it after awhile though...I remember once being around 10 or 11 and getting a spanking and at that point I guess I was just really used to, so I didn't cry out or anything and my mom kept trying harder until I just turned around and asked her if she was finished yet - she was so annoyed that I didn't cry XD

Oh, you should definitely check out their other songs too! They actually had a tv show on HBO for two seasons as well, it was just called Flight of the Conchords as well, it was great - I've got the two seasons downloaded still :). I had never heard of Poor Man's Poison before, that's now saved to my liked songs! Thanks for sharing! :D I love finding good new music. I've never heard of Dr. Villain either - I'll have to look up some songs.

Oh, whoops! I think that I had cut out something that I said and reworded it, but missed part of the original sentence. Obviously, I just wanted to keep you on the edge of your seat in anticipation!

That doesn't bother me at all - you do whatever makes life easier - I won't hold it against you! I know that trying to check grammar and everything in English is probably a bitch for you. I'll just have to start responding in Russian for a change....

Oooo, very nice and clean! Looks like a great setup. Mine's a lot messier right now.
_Jun 25, 2026_10:12_0.jpeg
Messy!
That's the car that my dad had. I want one XD

His was the same colors and all.
Kaktysshmanchik
5:22 PM
I’m not sure whether the whole “alpha” thing is still as popular around here as it used to be. It definitely was. When I was in high school and in my early twenties, I was rather into it too. Hell, most girls my age were. And then we grew a brain, you know? XD
These days, though, I don’t have many “alphas” around me. =) One of my colleagues tried that routine a few times. We have a QA chatroom, and he started going on about how women should cook, men should be protectors, and what the dynamic between them ought to be. Yeeeeah... it didn’t go particularly well for him, considering that half the chat consists of women and two of them are team leads. =)
One of my friends is really fragile about that sort of thing. He’s homophobic. After a lot of conversations and arguments, I figured out that he’s frightened by the idea that there isn’t only one correct way to be a man. There’s also this idea that women are the ones who are looked at, not men, and the thought that someone might look at him that way scares him. It scares him so much that he once refused to shake my hand while I was reading The Song of Achilles. He presented it as a joke, obviously, but still. His loss — I’m an excellent handshaker. XD
What’s it like in Ireland and the US? I imagine the redneck types are very fond of being “manly men.”

Fascinating... From here, the US looks like one fairly unified thing, you know? The general  is basically: proud in a good way, patriotic (though hell if I know what that means anymore), liberal, and friendly. Yeah, that’s dumb, but I suppose every country has a particular  in the eyes of foreigners.
Do the US or Ireland have anything comparable to Victory Day? What do people usually do?
In Russia, you could say that Moscow is more liberal than most places. And Yekaterinburg is famous for protests and being rather anti-government. The greatest division is probably age, though. Older generations tend to be much more supportive of what’s going on. Younger people — the ones who might die in the war and who’ll have to live with the economic disaster afterwards — are much angrier. There’s still very little protest, though. People can be put behind bars for likes and reposts, so protesting is rather frightening. =) We do that in tiny ways: telling jokes (there's a shitload of them), wearing obscure pins that mean something only if you know what to look for, stickers, owning and sharing books))

Ooh, that car is gorgeous! I like the way cars like that one look. They’re very old-school, aren’t they?
While I was reading the part about your stepmother, I was wondering whether it would be appropriate to call her a bitch. But then you did it yourself, so thank you for relieving me of that struggle. =)
But gods, you have Stories. No, STORIES.

It’s wonderful that you’re affectionate with your kids. I think a lack of affection can fuck someone up quite badly, mostly in ways that aren’t immediately visible. Like, my current group of friends always hug, or at least shake hands, when saying hello or goodbye. I had to get properly used to the hugging part. For the first few months, I progressed from disgust to reluctant acceptance until it finally became normal.

Can’t say that I truly understand how losing your dad felt. I don’t have any dead relatives or friends whom I was particularly close to. But it sounds miserable. Was there anyone who helped you through that period?
The closest experience I can think of was when the war started. I spent a lot of time simply staring into space. I also kept rereading one of my comfort books, though I don’t think I was really registering the words. Still, that book pulled me through.

Oh, that attitude towards children is familiar! What morons...
Here, the government is obsessed with “more children, MORE!” They even encourage high schoolers to start families. Great idea, why not? She gets pregnant, he goes off to war — happy family, surely.
Funny thing is, I’ve never stolen a dime from my mother (probably because we use roubles instead XD). But I was accused of it once. It turned out to be someone else, but before that was discovered, I went through plenty of yelling, confusion, and everything else. I’m still waiting for the apology. >_>

I hate how people fuck up their children. Gambling, alcohol, destructive behaviour, etc. You can’t drive a car without passing an exam, but permanently affecting someone’s life? Yup, sure, no questions asked. Just try to keep them alive. Everything else is background noise.
On the other hand, I’m sure the government would find a way to abuse any system involving examinations or interviews for future parents. Besides, controlling people that way feels dystopian.

No, I’m all right talking about this. I was just checking in.
Isn't it strange for you to write all of this down, though? I’ve told my therapist some of my own stories, but that isn’t quite the same. Seeing them written down makes them look different, especially when I can’t cover everything up with laughter and jokes. I usually go full standup show mode with my therapist =)

Hmm... no, I don’t think my mother had a similar upbringing. I’m not sure about my trainer, though.
Ah, belts. Yeah, that brings back memories. I once went shopping with a friend, and she snapped a belt — you know, when you fold it in half and sharply pull both sides? I flinched so fucking violently. Hell, that was embarrassing. XD
Yeah, my mother was creative like that. There were belts, plastic hangers, a skipping rope, and a horsewhip. That one was also used on the dogs — versatile, I suppose. Once, it was a stick. Ooh, I love that story.
I was at a sports camp and was about ten years old. The kids in my group were very close and shared practically everything. If you needed something and knew someone had it, you could rummage through their things and borrow it. That was completely normal between us. But there was another group of children staying there at the time, and I took two sweets from one of the girls. She noticed and told the trainers, including my mother.
They lined everyone up and asked who had done it. Long story short, the decorum issue appeared again, and I was beaten with a stick I had been using as a spear at the time. It was a pretty stick too! I’d carved patterns all along it.

The discipline you described sounds disturbingly similar to the army. How did you even get through all of that? That seems like an enormous amount of psychological pressure for a child.

And the whole gay thing... >_< Gods, it’s vile.
Well, at least you didn’t have to deal with actually being gay on top of all that — unless you’re bi, in which case, yes, it was even worse than I thought.
Oh, I remember my mother becoming annoyed when I didn’t cry too! She even said so once. Something like, “How am I supposed to know you’re sorry if you don’t cry?” Well, yeah, imagine how much fun this must be for me, then. XD
You were a proper menace about it, though. Respect. =)
I do wonder how they decided that a particular point was when the beating should stop. There must have been some kind of logic behind it...

Huh, I’d never heard of the Flight of the Conchords show. But I found it on a torrent, so... cheers for the recommendation. =)

Nah, your desk is fine. You haven’t seen some of my colleagues’ desks. I like exchanging pictures with them sometimes. Some people send genuinely interesting things, and there’s often a story attached. One QA sent a picture of a dog sitting on her desk and then told us how she’d rescued it. Sometimes we exchange pictures of the views from our windows, our lunches, pages from the books we’re reading, and so on.
Do you ever do anything like that with people at work?

Also, I’ve heard there’s a heatwave across parts of Europe. Has it reached Ireland too? Are you surviving over there?
I fucked up and sent you a draft o_O
Hope you didn't see that)))
jsammons90
5:23 PM
Oh, I did - I'm judging you harshly right now XD
Kaktysshmanchik
5:36 PM
Oh, piss off XD
Say you didn't see it!
I'm gonna go die in a corner...
jsammons90
5:38 PM
Okay, I DIDN'T *wink* see it. Please don't do that, we've only just become friends!

jsammons90
7:55 PM
We're all dumber when we're younger - much more impressionable about what we think is right because society waves it in our face and tells us that's the way that we should act and what we should want and what we should do. Fortunately, we end up seeing through all of that bullshit in time....well, some of us! Ha, want a silly dude - especially with two female team leads in there. I just don't understand dudes who are all about women cooking and cleaning and stuff - what a great way to show that you're actually useless and have to be taken care of like a child. "I'm gonna be busy protecting you....from the couch....WHERE'S MY DINNER, WOMAN?!" >.> Glad that the women put him in his place.

I don't understand your friends thoughts....does he not think that women look at men? Obviously, everyone is checked out by someone else, regardless of their gender. I'll never understand people that are so threatened by women that won't just be treated as objects. I have no doubts of your handshake capabilities! XD Ireland is really equal - people are really progressive here. You'll always find people who are traditional, but for the most part people all see each other as equal. The redneck types are 100% "manly men". Very traditional back where I'm from. A woman's place is in the kitchen, the man is the head of the household, blah blah blah, sexism, sexism - you know it all. Up north it's a lot better - the south is pretty much a cesspit lol.

Nah, America likes to present itself as some bastion of freedom and knowledge and power, but it's far from the truth. There are plenty of great people there, but there's also everyone else too - pretty much the same as any other country. Education, especially in the south, is really failing compared to places like Europe. Neo-liberalism has fully clenched the US, so everything is privatized and expensive. In the US, there's veterans day and July 4th, but there's no big parades or anything. July 4th is just people drinking beer and shooting off fireworks. Ireland doesn't celebrate any military stuff like that either - it barely has a military. The military that they do have are just out on peacekeeping missions, they don't get involved in conflict. I'm surprised that Moscow is more liberal, being the main seat of power and everything. I would have thought that being that close to Putin and everything that it would be very conservative - glad to hear that's not the case. Such a shame that the government has such an authoritarian grip on the population. I wonder if it will ever change in our lifetimes? What do you think?

Oh yeah, old school muscle car! I remember riding around in it as a kid with my dad - the engine is really loud and you can feel the whole car vibrating as you ride around - it was great fun. I haven't heard from my old step mother since my dad died - she really just fucked us over and cut ties. Heh, I think we BOTH have plenty of stories - I find it all fascinating listening to your experiences and what it's like for you. I'm still amazed how well even chatting to you on Reddit turned out - really didn't expect to meet someone so enjoyable to get to know.

Yeah, kids need love - I mean, we all do, but especially kids. They need to feel safe and everything, otherwise it can really damage their abilities to build relationships when they're older. I think that's so sweet that your friends all hug or at least shake hands - it's a nice gesture to show that closeness. It's no surprise that it was hard for you to get used to it from what you've told me, your walls and defenses were up from your past traumas, but it's great that you've been able to get comfortable and let them down. Have you noticed that you feel any different or have a different outlook on things with letting those walls down? *continues to scribble down patient notes in journal* XD

It was hard, but you just learn to accept it for what it is. I think it really hit me when I was around 19/20 - wishing he was around to talk to and stuff. Struggled a bit then with it all. I still wish I could talk to him and get to know him, since I only ever knew him as a kid, so much of him was a mystery to me. Fortunately, I did have friends around that I could spend time with. After he died, my mom was never around the house, she was always gone out with her friends (more stories and trauma there, yay!), so I went to my friends houses a lot at the weekends to hang out. Their families were very nice and accepting of me hanging around so much - I think they probably pitied me a bit with everything.

I can't imagine how it was for you, how it still is even, being over there with the war going on. I've never had war on my door step like that, so I can only imagine the emotional battles that you've had in regards to it all. Has it gotten easier for you?

So dumb - politicians and the government telling people that they're not reproducing enough. That's so messed up about them wanting people in high-school to start having families too - such a stable environment for a child! >.> It's quite amazing how well you've turned out as well, given everything that you've had to grow up with. Hopefully you'll get that apology some day, but I'm not holding my breath :/.

Nah, not really - I think I've just gotten used to it all and made peace with everything that's happened and who I am. Everyone copes with trauma and stress in different ways - there's no wrong way to process it :). Would you normally ever open up to other people like you are here with me? Besides your therapist that is, obviously.

Oh no, that's awful! I wonder if your friend picked up on it? Wow, a fucking horsewhip? Did you guys have horses or did she just have a horsewhip laying around? What a bunch of undisciplined children - obviously you just weren't beaten enough! >.< That's a pretty inventive list to get hit by. From memory, mine were belt, hand (classic), high heel shoe (not as painful as you'd think, not much swing in it), fly swatter, and the hickory sticks. Funny how this just feels like trading notes for beating children now XD

Honestly, I have a hard time remembering a lot of my childhood. I dunno if I just have a shit memory or if I'm just repressing a lot of stuff XD. It was really only from the ages of 5-12/13 that I remember much of any of this. After that, my mom was gone most days, especially on the weekends, and I just stayed at home alone or with my younger sister. My older sister had been living with my dad before he died and then she went off and lived with a boyfriend after or just before he died - I think she was about 17 at the time.

I know, could you imagine if I....if I.....IF I LIKED BOYS?! Oh the humanity! Oh the travesty! I'll never forgive her for that one - that one was especially fucked up! She tries to be in more contact and stuff now with my kids and stuff - going back to church again (hallelujah), but she's still a Trump supporter and all of that. I talk to her once every few months for as long as I can stomach. Ugh, that whole line, "How am I supposed to know you’re sorry if you don’t cry?" - that makes me sick. What a fucked up thing to think and to do to someone else.

I hope you enjoy it! I really enjoy their humor and stuff, hopefully you do as well :)

That's so funny - are you and your coworkers pretty close then? Do you chat or hangout with any of them outside of work? I don't really talk to anyone in work. On my team, there's my boss and one other woman that's based in the US, so I never really see her. We have to monitor some channels on slack to help people when they have questions, but that's only a few times a week, so it's not too bad - I like the solitude, lets me focus on the important things, like gaming! :D I'll send a picture of what I can see out my window for the fun though!

Dude, it's so fucking hot today. Currently 31 degrees, sweating my ass off. I can't remember if I was telling you or not, but I setup a pool for the kids yesterday, so they're basically living in that once they get home. I'll have to send you a picture of the pool as well.
_Jun 25, 2026_05:55_0.jpeg
_Jun 25, 2026_05:56_0.jpeg
Old cathedral and monks tower just outside our estate
_Jun 25, 2026_05:57_0.jpeg
Old castle just behind the estate as well
_Jun 25, 2026_05:58_0.jpeg
Kaktysshmanchik
8:24 PM
Alright. I got your message and I'm disappointed that there's no half digested draft there.
I am gonna try and reply without any more hiccups, but for now I have aliens to shred. They're practically begging for it. I can't disappoint them.

Also, you live on a really pretty street ^_^ and that castle and cathedral... Gorgeous!
Yeah, pool in this heat is essential... Good luck surviving the weather!

Kaktysshmanchik
11:20 PM
Yeah... I was such an idiot when I was a kid. XD I don’t even know where I found the time to faff about doing all that stupid stuff. Pretty classic, I suppose: climbing trees and abandoned buildings, getting into petty fights, skipping classes.
Were you a well-behaved boy under all that pressure?

So, here's one. Once, we travelled to another city for a championship, and there were teams from several different regions. A few other girls and I met some lads from Chechnya. I remember our respective trainers finding all of us in someone’s hotel room, eating a shitload of crisps and sweets — the night before we were supposed to be weighed!
And who knows where it might have ended? O_O
Anyhow, we all got into so much trouble. It was fun anyway.

Yeah, I love it when people tell me that women should cook. It lets me look them straight in the eye and say that I can’t cook for shit, then enjoy the effect. It doesn’t work every time, but it’s worth the effort when it does.
You ever do anything like that or am I the pettiest one here?

Mm... I suppose my friend looks at women in a way he wouldn’t want anyone to look at him. So naturally, he assumes that a man who’s interested in other men would look at him in exactly the same way.

How do you think you ended up being so liberal, then? You’d expect someone to be strongly influenced by the society they grew up in. And since you're from South... Do you have Trump's portrait stashed somewhere? >_>

You know what I find especially funny about the way the US is discussed here? Two ideas seem to exist simultaneously: America is wealthy and powerful, but it’s also going to collapse at any moment because of the national debt (I hope that’s the right translation for what I mean).
It’s bizarre that both ideas can come from the same person.
Ah, I’ve seen pictures from the Fourth of July here and there. Some of them look genuinely lovely. What with all the flags though? I'm under impression that many people have a American flag hanging somewhere on their property at all times.
Well, I can’t say whether it’s good that Ireland has such a small military, but it’s bloody great that they don’t parade what they do have around like lunatics.
It’s not as though Putin is contagious. XD You don’t automatically become a twat through proximity. But Moscow has better education on average, so there’s that.
I’m sure the Russian government will change soon enough. After all, Putin is seventy-three, so... And there’s already administrative dysfunction here and there, which is a good sign too. Even people who supported the war are starting to notice that things aren’t going quite as brilliantly as promised. Especially now, with limits on petrol (gasoline?) sales in some regions. What was meant to be a blitzkrieg ended with people struggling to fill their cars. That’s rather hilarious.
What about the US? What’s your prediction — do you think Trump will actually fuck off after this term?

Did your dad ever let you sit behind the wheel? On his lap, obviously. =) I don’t know how strict the police were about that in the US. My dad let me “steer” his car a few times at night in an empty car park. So I’m basically a professional driver at this point. I could teach you a thing or two.

Yeah, I know what you mean. I’m having loads of fun talking to you too. Most chats just die after a couple of days — or even a couple of messages.
And I was so lucky. It was my first post on that subreddit!

All right... tell me outright: how much are you charging for a session? I’d better know beforehand. =)

Who said I’ve let my walls down? XD I just tolerate people better these days. Know your limits and all that.
Some things genuinely have become easier, though. Humans are very adaptable animals, after all.
Do you think your past has something to do with how exhausting you find crowds, or do you think you’re simply wired that way?

I’m sorry if this sounds harsh or presumptuous, but from what you’ve told me, part of me thinks you may have been better off when your mother wasn’t around.
And it’s wonderful that you had your friends and their families. Not the same as having your own family there, I suppose, but I’m still glad you had them.
Were any of them the D&D friends you mentioned before?

Ah... once, one of my colleagues asked how I always remain so calm. So I’m going to tell you exactly what I told her: “Mild dissociation and escapism, babe.” Yeah, I’m close to some of my colleagues, shut up.
She naturally assumed it was a joke. But basically, yes, that’s exactly how I handle it. When panic hits, you bury your nose in a book, pretend you’re somewhere else, and move on. There’s always the option of lying down and dying, but where’s the fun in that?
It was difficult at first, certainly. But then again — books. I kept rereading familiar things until I could stomach something new. That was when I knew I was going to be all right. Books are always there for me. =)

Oh no, I don’t tell half of this shit to anyone. XD Even my therapist is still waiting for some of the juiciest bits to be told with a straight face.
Writing about it is harder and easier at the same time: I can't hide behind the jokes as much, but I can't hide behind the jokes that much))have to be honest then. And man, that sucks. XD
I’m glad you’ve made peace with everything, though. It sounds as though there was a lot to work through.

Oh, I really hope my friend didn’t notice me jumping at the sound of the belt. That would have been so awkward if she’d noticed or said anything.
Nah, we didn’t have horses. Just dogs and some very old-fashioned ideas about how to train them properly. Same goes for children, it seems)
Yeah... a high-heeled shoe sounds entertaining. A fly swatter is very imaginative, though. The hickory sticks are what still bother me. I mean, you have to actively go and get one. That’s a choice.

I know, right? It feels like we’re comparing weapons in an RPG. “I dunno... a hand has good precision, but it backfires badly if you land a critical hit. A belt, on the other hand, has an excellent sound effect.”

Oh, yeah! I don’t remember much either. Half my conversations with my therapist consist of, “I dunno. I don’t remember.” XD Could be repressed shit, certainly.

Ouch... at least my mother is anti-Putin. That makes some things easier.
Although I do envy your ability to draw firm boundaries and control how often and for how long you speak to your mother. Was that difficult for you at first?

You know, you tossing that "if I liked boys" kinda shocks me. Little bit. Men don't ever say that here. Even that "if" is not allowed. It's not always about the laws. It's just not something a man supposed to joke or even think about. I've never heard anything even remotely like that from a man. So... Cheers for the new experience. XD

I do chat with my colleagues a lot. =) Though my new team is pretty uptight — I’m going to have to loosen them up.
But I never actually see them — we’re all in different cities. Most are in Moscow, some are in Innopolis (supposedly the most high-tech city in Russia), and others are scattered around elsewhere. Some have left the country. We have one person in Serbia and another in South Korea. Most of them don’t even have profile pictures. XD I have no idea what they look like.
But we have built a little community. It’s nice to have people to laugh or vent with.
To each their own, I suppose. =)

Mm... my window overlooks a playground, and I live on the ground floor. Man, I really hate children sometimes. >_<
So nothing much to show. But I can try to find some pictures I’ve taken of my city.

By the way, is that cathedral in the photo still active? Bells chiming at 5AM and all that? =)
And I love that there aren’t any fences along your street. It looks very unusual to me, but also very cosy.

Fuck... throughout the day, I sometimes think, “Oh, I should ask Jonathan this or that!” Then I start writing my message and forget everything. >_< I really should start writing things down.
I really hope I didn't make a tit of myself this time >_>
Jun 26
Kaktysshmanchik
12:38 AM
This is some random shit from my city. These pictures are a couple of years old. And yes, I used to be presumptuous enough to sign my photos. Cocky little twit







And a handful of snow in case you forgot what it looks like


jsammons90
2:10 PM
Ooooo, I love checking out abandoned buildings! The opportunity doesn't present itself much, but it's so much fun. I did my fair share of skipping class or school, but never got into any fights or anything like that. I'm a decently big dude, 6 ft 1 (185 cm) tall, and was always nice to everyone, so no one ever messed with me or anything like that, besides one guy in middle school. I remember being in the lunch line and he kept flicking my ear - I told him to stop a couple of times before I just punched him in the arm once. He stopped after that and never bothered me again.

Oh, that actually brings up another memory of a guy in....some class....can't remember which it was. Teacher walked out and he came over and put me in a headlock. I got out of it and then punched him in the back a few times - he just kinda stared at me for a few minutes and then went and sat back down again, never messed with me again either. I think that's all of the conflicts that I had!

Oooo, lots of stuff is bubbling up to the surface now - here's a real treat for you. I remember as a kid, one of the day cares I was in was pretty terrible. The owners son and two of his friends would come and get a few of us guys during the nap-time and bring us to a backroom to fight each other. I remember it once, swinging another kid around in circles. I think I was about 6 or 7 at the time - had no idea what was going on, I just kinda thought it was a game. The owners son was a teenager at the time.

Hahaha - how old were you at that time? How did they end up reprimanding you guys?

Oh, nothing petty about that, I think it's good to put people in their place and break these dumb stereotypes. I enjoy cooking personally - I cook dinner for everyone pretty much every night. :) That reminds me of converted garage at my sister-in-laws house where they were calling it the 'Man-cave' (they have 3 boys). We politely corrected them that it's actually a 'People-cave' - everyone's allowed inside. XD

And that makes me wonder if he has ever thought about that in the context of the women that he's looking at and how that may make THEM feel. If he feels that vulnerable about another man possibly checking him out, does he not think that he may make women feel vulnerable too?

Honestly, I think my liberalness comes from video games lol. In games, particularly RPG's, you're constantly in parties of mixed people or races, and a lot of the time women are kicking as much ass as the dudes. Women in games are often over sexualized, but that's another topic. Games have always been my way to escape and regulate myself with all of the mess in my life - at least they've had a good influence! :)

Uggghhhh....this is awkward....you caught me. I do secretly worship Trump - I'm wearing my MAGA underwear right now. You caught me :(.

The US is in sooooo much debt. Trump and his boot-lickers have accelerated it too. They're basically dismantling the government to plunder what they can. Just funneling millions upon millions into their pockets. I feel like the US is in early collapse mode - I don't see it ever recovering from this.

Loads of people have American flags hanging from their houses, especially in the south (surprise, surprise). They're blindly patriotic and really think that America is the best place in the world without question. They're also idiots. Fourth of July could be fun hanging out with friends and stuff, but any day can be fun hanging out with friends! XD I don't know if you guys have to do this in Russia at all, but every morning in school, before classes start, they do the pledge of allegiance. You're supposed to stand-up, put your hand over your heart, and spout this nationalistic bullshit. Have you ever heard of that? I was rebellious, I never did it.

Ah yeah, I'm sure when Putin goes there will be a power vacuum and it will be messy....'It's not as though Putin is contagious' XD. That's pretty funny - I just assumed that where his seat of power is, he'd make a concerted effort to try and bend everyone to his rule. I did hear about stations being out of petrol over there from Ukrainian attacks on infrastructure - that 3 day 'special military operation' sure turned out well for Putin >.>.

Nah, no way that Trump or the Republicans will give over power easily. Voting for new congress seats starts in a few months and they're already trying to fuck with the voting system so that they win. Sabotaging mail-in voting and trying to suppress voters - it's a mess. My prediction is that one of Trump's sons will run for president in a cycle or two. The republicans will try to run someone else for the next election, they won't perform as well, and then Don Jr. will come in and try to save them all. Does anyone ever talk about Trump over there?

Haha, no way. That car was his fourth child (err...fifth, that I know of...turns out he had another son that I didn't learn about until after he died. Met him once when my dad died, that was it. It was from a previous relationship before my mom). If you did that in the US and got caught, it'd be a pretty serious charge - probably reckless driving. Oh, excuse me Mrs....*checks notes*...Mrs. No Drivers License XD. Do you think you'll ever start to drive?

Haha, same here - really enjoying this. I'm definitely not checking Reddit all throughout the day for a new message....why would you say that? XD

Yikes, no easy way to say this......I'm charging you based on US health insurance prices. In other words, you're going to be in crippling debt for the rest of your life - you're basically American now, congratulations. Here's a novelty flag and I expect you to recite the pledge of allegiance now. :)

Hey, that's progress! I can see through that wall of yours - it's cracking! XD I think I'm just wired that way to be honest - can't think of any events that would cause me to feel this way. If I'm around a lot of people, I just feel really smothered and have to get out of there. What about you?

Absolutely, I loved being on my own and not having her there. I kinda had free reign to do whatever I wanted, which was just playing games really. We lived near a lake and a marina and that's where she was every weekend, down there with all of the people that owned boats. She started dating a dude down there (the guy she married that I painted my mohawk for). I would have gone crazy without my friends though. Nah, the guys that I play D&D with are all newer friends. Kyle, the main friend that I chat to these days, I met in work and we became friends about a decade ago. So he's the Bard, his brother, Jimmy, is the Fighter, and their friend (and mine now too) Daniel is the Monk. I've never met Daniel or Jimmy in person, but hope to someday! How long have you known all of your party members?

Well I feel very privileged to have you open up about all of this time me. Who would have thought that some random dude on Reddit would be getting to know you this well! XD But, who knows, maybe it all helps in some way? It's kind of a double edged sword I guess - you get to open up and talk about it, vent about it....but then you're also embracing it and actually acknowledging how fucked up it all is.

That's so funny about the RPG weapons of abusing your children, you gave me a good laugh.

It definitely wasn't easy to really try and talk to her, I have to swallow my pride a bit I think. She tries to be involved to some very small degree with my kids, but as soon as she starts spouting nonsense about Trump or immigrants or something, I just have to shut her down and end the conversation. I've tried to reason with her and show her how awful Trump and all of that stuff is, but she just won't see it for some reason. She'll just immediately talk about how we can't judge people and only Jesus Christ can judge people....it makes me want to scream.

That's crazy that even the idea of a guy saying that is so taboo. I'm straight, can't remember if I actually said that in the last message, but it just baffles me how people can have so much hatred for people just wanting to be loved. It's funny too - I'm straight, but I've got no problem looking at a dude and saying, that's a good looking dude, and have no sexual inclinations about it at all. Glad that I could be of service in giving you a new experience! XD

Thank you so much for sharing all of the pictures! I was looking through them last night when it was WAY TOO FUCKING HOT TO SLEEP. I was trying to manifest snow by looking at your pictures with snow. They're really nice though - I like just seeing people go about their day, living their lives, in someplace so different. I don't know if you do this, but as much as I don't like interacting with people, I do enjoy people watching...do you ever do that?

Oh yeah, that cathedral is still very much active - they hold concerts and stuff there all the time. I'll find a link to it here......https://stbrigidscathedral.com/

That cathedral actually doesn't have a bell tower, but there's another in the town (Catholic), that does chime every hour - it's lovely to hear. The estate is really nice, everyone is lovely - mostly older people here. The town is right outside the estate, but you never hear anything at all. We bought our house at the end of 2024 and I spent 2025 ripping everything out of it and renovating the whole thing. Well, I did the rip out part, other people renovated. It needed to be re-plumbed and re-wired, so we just went ahead and took out all of the old stuff and made it all new. It felt like it was never going to end, but we're here now :)

I do the same thing! I have ideas or responses that I come up with, but then when I get the time to sit down to reply, I've forgotten. But that's really sweet, I appreciate that you do that :). Also, you never make a tit out of yourself - don't be worried. Even so, tits are great! I wholeheartedly support more tits in the world! XD
By the way....our messages keep getting longer and longer - we can't stop! XD
Kaktysshmanchik
3:51 PM
Yeah... This is becoming another job)) Lots of fun though.
While I'm at it, you have time to think about when and what we could play next time >_>
Kaktysshmanchik
5:41 PM
185 cm... Okay... I’m not sure I even can count that far. I guess I’m considered a shorty, then, with my 160 cm. >~<
Can’t say I was looking for fights, mind you. I just went through all that braid-pulling, like everyone else — and nobody bothered to tell me that weird “he just likes you” thing. So it was sort of a misunderstanding. XD
Well, we’re kind of a bit old for abandoned buildings, no?)) We should be all boring and dignified. Set an example and all. I think I have a top hat somewhere around here...

Damn... I guess you were really efficient. Good for you, then!
But that daycare story is horrible... Once again, it reminds me of The Nickel Boys, but at least everyone ended up alive.

Aw, come on! I was trying to pull us back towards more fun stuff! XD
I don’t know what they did to the lads. But when we returned home, we were kicked out of the group. I was around 14 years old back then and had already started hating all of it, so I was really glad to be kicked out))
But... they sent me to another trainer. And after a while, I realised mine wasn’t that bad. XD Coming back meant shitloads of grovelling, but yeah, I returned to my group.

“People-cave.” XD Yeah, sounds about right))
I genuinely don’t understand enjoying cooking. Obviously, I can cook — everyone can if they’re not being difficult. But I hate it sooooo much, except for a few dishes.
I usually cook once — enough for a few days. I can’t imagine cooking every day. O_O
What do you like cooking the most?

>>If he feels that vulnerable about another man possibly checking him out, does he not think that he may make women feel vulnerable too?
I actually asked him something like that several times)) Each time, I got a string of stupidity that basically meant, “It’s not the same.”

That makes sense. Yeah, I suppose video games can teach you a thing or two)) Great stories, escapism, and a teaching moment. The perfect trio. ^_^
Huh... do people say in the US or Ireland that video games make children violent?
In Russia, they do that a lot. And some “expert” on TV once said this: “There is a game called DoKA 2. So what is DoKA 2? It’s allowed in Russia [...] And we have lots of children playing this game. What game is this? This is a game where you kill zombies, or it is you who are a zombie, where you can kill people in the most sophisticated ways.”
Actually... here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NfgqX3ZPftA There are subtitles, and they seem fine.
So after that, this happened... https://store.steampowered.com/app/967250/DOKA_2_KISHKI_EDITION/

I knew it! All right, I’m going to share a secret too: I have a photo of Putin as my desktop wallpaper.

>>They’re also idiots.
This made me laugh so hard! XD

Oh, I’ve heard about it. But I was sure it was bullshit — the pledge of allegiance thing! O_O
You can’t be serious... Gods... Okay. Did you ever get into trouble for refusing to do it?
No, we never did anything like that. But I hear they make children do lots of idiotic stuff these days: sing the national anthem, wear military uniforms at big events like the September 1st, write letters to soldiers, and so on.

Oh, Trump is a Thing here. When he was elected, people hoped he would end the war, like he promised. Politicians and propaganda were selling that idea too. He was “our boy” for a while. To be honest, I had a little bit of hope too — I couldn’t help it.
Anyhow, when he realised it wasn’t that easy and lost interest, he became persona non grata here. XD
I don’t know what they think about him these days. It changes by the minute and is hard to keep track of.
I didn’t know anything about Trump’s sons, though. Yeah, that would not be ideal, it seems.

Fuck no! I like the people around me upright and not spread across the road. I’m terrified of driving.)) There are taxis, bicycles... feet. And I bought an electric scooter because of the lack of petrol. It feels like they’re going to become very popular very soon.))
But a secret brother?? Jonathan... this is soap-opera material. Weren’t you curious about him after that one meeting?

Course you don’t check. I know that because I don’t. I pretty much forget that there’s supposed to be a message and find out by accident. I’m sure you’re exactly the same.

Mm... nice! Am I supposed to start smiling a lot? Just a warning: I’m not sure my face can do that. It’s difficult to switch off the slavic stare. And since I’m an American citizen now... where do I get my American paycheque? >_>

Yeah, I suppose I’m wired that way too. Can’t be 100% sure, but no one can. I used to spend a lot of time in groups and feel confused about why I felt so shitty afterwards. I finally figured it out.
Pathfinder is exhausting that way — too much attention is focused on me at all times. >_<
How do you survive your D&D sessions?

*Googles “marina” — finds Marina Diamandis — googles “lake marina” — understands fuck all — writes to GPT, “A bloke says he lived near a lake and a marina. WTF is a marina?” — gets it*
XD
Oh, by the way — about your guys. Did you come up with a personal quest for Kyle? How are things going overall?
My party members are somewhat borrowed friends)) I know them by proxy. But we’ve become rather close, I suppose. I’ve known most of them for about ten years. And there are two newer ones, a couple — one of them is the unfortunate sorceress)) The two of us are really close. Well, as close as it gets with me, I suppose.
I bet it’s obvious to you by now that I don’t open up easily. XD But that’s actually true. Like, when my dog died years ago, it was horrible. One day, I came home and found her having... er... I think “seizure” is the word. I’m not sure. Anyhow, there was blood and everything, and I couldn’t get her to the vet in time. So the next day, I saw my friends. At some point, they asked about the dogs, and I was like, “Ah, they’re fine, but Martha died. So, do we order burgers or pizza?”

Well, the random dude is very good at his job as a therapist. XD I suppose I could pay you in photos. Today at work, we shared photographic proof of our notebook addictions. I came this close to winning — lost by one notebook!

>>only Jesus Christ can judge people....it makes me want to scream.
Ouch... Yeah, I get that. Sounds infuriating. I'd be livid.
Have you ever read the Bible, though?
I think they’re doing it wrong... Take Greek myths: scandals, intrigue, sex, betrayal! Oof! And the Bible... Yeah, Jesus is a nice bloke, especially compared with his daddy. But he’s kind of meh. Lot's of gore though.
And I’m still not over the part about the pile of foreskins. O_O That was a lot for 14-year-old me.

Uh-huh... You said you were straight twice in one paragraph. I can see how straight you are. Whatever you say, mate))
Mm... I can’t say I check out women in any way. But my tattoo artist is the exception — she’s a fucking goddess. I remember my mother asking about her, and among other things, I told her how gorgeous she was. Mind you, my mother is usually fine with the LGBTQ+ crowd, but that time she said, “Ew.” Brr... That felt like shit. I can’t imagine how horrible it is to hear something like that when you’re queer and telling someone you’re in love with someone.

Yeah, I like seeing mundane pictures taken by people I know. But watching actual people live their lives... I don’t know. It feels like I’m intruding. I suppose that’s silly, and many people even enjoy the attention, but still.
Do you do that often? Maybe you have favourite places for people-watching?))

Ooh, the cathedral is gorgeous! You ever go there? For vibes or whatever.
This is so weird, though: https://stbrigidscathedral.com/daily-worship-app/ It baffles me to see a church talking about apps and anything like that.
But I just love this: https://chapel-online.ru/category/postavit-svechku/besplatno/ It’s even weirder. Like... you drag the candle onto the thingy and... good to go? So weird.

Mm... every time you write “estate,” I imagine something from Pride and Prejudice)) It is a great pleasure to correspond with you, Mr Darcy.
Ripping things out is a very important part — don’t sell yourself short! But I skipped that part entirely. I bought my flat with bare walls and floors. I had a huge project going on: spreadsheets, lists, plans for everything, all that. You should have seen the electrician’s face when I said, “Yes, there should be a cluster of twelve sockets right here. Yes, I’m sure. No, I’m not deranged.”

>>Even so, tits are great! I wholeheartedly support more tits in the world!
Okay, I cackled and scared a dog. XD
You’re trying too hard to sell this tale of being straight. Good job anyway.

It's summer sale on steam. Did you buy anything?
I got these:
https://store.steampowered.com/app/1928980/Nightingale/
https://store.steampowered.com/app/4197610/Librarian_Tidy_Up_the_Arcane_Library/ (because my own library is never enough)
I need them all, I promise

Kaktysshmanchik
5:55 PM
I've just read a quote from some sort of official. I'm sure you'd appreciate it XD

The increasing incidence of falling debris and, so to speak, rapid oxidation of hydrocarbons with the release of thermal energy is a fact.
jsammons90
10:07 PM
I feel so bad for messaging you back when it feels like a second job - I've been trying to give it a few hours before I start to write my reply, just to not bog you down so much XD. As for a game for us to play next time, I would be down to try some Serious Sam, you have to tell me which one though :)

I think 160 cm for a woman is pretty average, I don't think you're a shorty! Haha, it was all just a misunderstanding, sure....I hope you didn't hurt the poor guy too much :).

Pish-posh! I'll take being overly curious and exploring abandoned buildings over all the boredom and dignity any day! That said, I couldn't tell you the last time I actually explored an abandoned place....it's not as much fun alone :/.

No, we must wallow in the trauma and guilt!!! XD Wow, that's a pretty extreme response for the to kick all of you off. And having to grovel to get back in your old group, it's pretty messed up that they did all of that to some kids just trying to have some fun...

What about it do you hate some much? I think I just enjoy the reward of making something that tastes really nice and seeing everyone else enjoy it :). What kind of meals do you typically cook? I like making curries, lasagne, stews - just lots of stuff that I get to add a lot of flavour to. Cooking tofu with different sauces and spices is really nice too. I'm all for batch cooking and using stuff up over several days, but the kids would riot if I kept doing that - they can be hard to manage :). Ooooo, just thought of Mexican food - one of my favourites.

I definitely heard that bullshit a lot in the US - there was a lawyer that famously tried to petition Rockstar about Grand Theft Auto. Years later, it all came out that he was really crooked or something - can't remember the exact details. I never hear anything in Ireland about it though, thankfully. My wife doesn't like games or really violence in general. It took her a long time to understand that games were my outlet to destress and stuff. It's funny about all of the studies that come out talking about the benefits of games and how there's no direct link to an increase in violence, quite the opposite actually. Always makes me smug when those kinds of studies come out ;).

Ah yes, here's the lawyer guy - he was disbarred: https://gta.fandom.com/wiki/Jack_Thompson

Wow, that person really stumbled over all their talking points.....I love that someone created a game about it XD.

GASP! KATHY! I SHOULD HAVE KNOWN! To think that I trusted you....you were probably a Russian honey pot this whole time, the Russian government are on their way to arrest me right now, aren't they? I should have known that all of this was too good to be true!

Nope, it's something that we were supposed to do every morning. Here's the actual pledge: "I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one Nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all". I can't remember specifically getting in trouble for not doing it - I feel like remarks were made once or twice by a teacher, but never serious trouble. I have heard of kids getting in more serious trouble in the US for not doing it though. Gross - I hate how children are indoctrinated into stuff like this.

His sons and daughter are just as bad as he is. His son-in-law, Jared Kushner, has his fingers in lots of pies with Saudi Arabia and stuff like that too. They're all laughing their way to the bank, it really pisses me off. A lot of American's assume that Putin has something on Trump which is why Trump bends over for him so much.

Haha, I imagined a great visual of you just screaming FUCK NO! when you read what I said, that's great XD. That's a good call for the electric scooter - we have an electric car and it's been nice having it with the increase in all of the fuel prices.

Yeahhhh, I know - it probably sounds made up because of how ludicrous it all is. It was quite a shock when we found out - my dad kept it hidden from us. I don't even know how often they were in contact or anything. His name is Chris and he lives in Florida - has a family of his own and stuff. We added each other on Facebook a long time ago, but just never really spoke. We were going to try and meet up once years ago when we were going over, but it just never happened.

Yeah. Exactly. The conversations totally haven't consumed my life - that'd be ridiculous. Don't be ridiculous, Kathy. :)

Yes, you now have to provide exceptional customer service while always smiling - also, you love sweet tea now. Turn that slavic stare...upside...down.....or something like that? I dunno, just start smiling. Oh, that American paycheck - that's the best part - you don't get one! It's all been funnelled to Trump and his family. Don't worry though, the benefits will trickle down aaaaaaaany day now....promise. :D

That doesn't surprise me, it is pretty exhausting having to run the session. I definitely have to psych myself up a bit before hand, but we always all end up laughing and having a great time. I suppose my group being smaller than yours probably helps too. Also, I think my group is a little quieter than yours too.

Oh my god, you had me laughing so hard at that chain of events in finding out what I was talking about!

I still haven't come up with a personal quest for him (I've been slacking in my DM duties). We were supposed to have our next session tomorrow, but I'll be away with Maebh at a Scouts night away - you probably won't hear from me tomorrow because the place is supposed to have piss poor reception - so you get a break! I did have some grand ideas for their next session when I was walking to get Maebh from school the other day....but of course I have forgotten them all already....What do you have planned for your party next?

I dunno, I feel like you've opened up to me exceptionally well, but I know what you mean - I definitely understand that I'm just special :D. I'm really sorry to hear about your dog though, I can't imagine how tough that situation was - I'm sorry that you weren't able to get to the vet on time.

Oh yes, I love photos! Payment accepted, however, you're still deep in debt, I regret to inform you :/. I really love your notebooks - they look really weathered, kinda like old tomes or something - I think they look really cool.

I tried reading the bible once and I got soooo boooooored. I love mythology though. I think you'll be entertained by this - there are groups in the US trying to say that Jesus actually didn't like helping people or something and that he didn't believe in giving things freely to people. Can't remember which organization it is, but they're trying to take the socialism out of those stories which I find hilarious.

Ohhhh yeah, I see what you're doing - you're deflecting! Here you are gushing over this woman and trying to say how I'm not straight (I definitely am, like so straight, super duper straight) to hide the fact that you're so into your tattoo artist. The picture is all being painted now - I see it all clearly. My cousin is actually gay and his dad is a dick about it, basically asking him why he does this. I feel so bad for him, I can't imagine having to live like that.

If I was in a busy place, but found a quiet corner where I know I won't be bothered, then I don't mind just sitting back and watching how people interact with each other or how they go about their lives. Maybe I'm just really nosey XD

I've been in there before, just to see the inside. It's really nice - they've got touristy bits setup about the history and stuff. I had no idea that they had a prayer app though, that's hilarious!

LMAO - I tried to go to your site, but got a security warning XD. I'm on my work laptop at the moment, so it was probably just because it was a Russian address, but I find it funny all the same. I'll have to try on my desktop in a bit :)

Haha, yes, all of those houses belong to the "help" who come and clean my home. It's all a droll affair, really.
I did pick up a few things!
https://store.steampowered.com/app/3265700/Vampire_Crawlers_The_Turbo_Wildcard_from_Vampire_Survivors/
https://store.steampowered.com/app/246620/Plague_Inc_Evolved/
https://store.steampowered.com/app/1462040/FINAL_FANTASY_VII_REMAKE_INTERGRADE/
https://store.steampowered.com/app/2909400/FINAL_FANTASY_VII_REBIRTH/
https://store.steampowered.com/app/250900/The_Binding_of_Isaac_Rebirth/
https://store.steampowered.com/app/219150/Hotline_Miami/
I remember hearing about Nightingale when it was coming out - let me know what you think!

The library game.....that is so you XD

Jun 27
Kaktysshmanchik
3:10 AM
Oh, no, no, no! Not the bad kind of work! Fuck... that’s not what I meant. Sorry.
I really like receiving your messages. I’m not complaining or anything.
Messaging in general only irritates me when I fail to convey my intonation clearly. Like last time, apparently. >_<
Although you’re catching on pretty quickly. Some people from my last team took months to realise that I wasn’t permanently angry with everything — and with them in particular. XD

Serious Sam it is, then. We both seem to have SS2, but it sucks. We could try the 3rd one.
Have you ever played Serious Sam in co-op? I’ve only tried PvP. Actually, I played it with my dad. XD So it was ages ago, and it was The First Encounter. I think...
You can choose the date and time, then, since I seem to be more flexible. My schedule is still the same: workdays from around 5 to 9 pm, and weekends are free.
Except for tomorrow. My mate is celebrating her birthday, so I’m going to be completely fucked by the evening. >_<

Mm... yeah, I think the last time I was inside a proper abandoned building was about fifteen years ago. XD
We found blood there. O_O A splash on one of the walls. It was creepy as fuck. But I think some animal had just eaten a rat there or something... Yeah, that thought lets me sleep at night. XD

Er... I might have undersold that championship story.
So, bluntness is my weapon of choice, then. =) If the trainers hadn’t found us, half of us would probably have shagged each other. Something tells me that wasn’t the best idea for a group of kids.
Although, yeah, I would have preferred to be grounded or something))

But cooking takes so long! And I end up bored out of my mind. And you have to keep watching it too. That’s why I like scouse. You just chop everything up, set it to simmer, and forget about it for two hours. =)
Gods, you seem to be irritatingly competent. >_> Stew I understand. But the rest of it? Terrifying.
And I thought children generally liked it when nothing changed... Am I wrong in general, or are you just lucky?

Damn... now I want something to eat. That’s inconvenient at 3 am

All right. I’m going to sleep and will continue tomorrow. And you’re going to owe me a report on your thoughts about Clair Obscur. =)
Kaktysshmanchik
12:52 PM
All right. Here we go.

Yeah, I especially liked the statistics showing that the release of one of the GTA games actually reduced criminal activity for a while — people were just playing instead of committing crimes. =)
I don’t like overly graphic violence, though. Like Mortal Kombat. The X-ray thing makes my skin crawl. But I just... don’t play it.
Besides, when people say that video games make kids violent, they often don’t specify which games. Does Stardew Valley have that effect too?
Damn... Ireland is so chill. XD Knowing that there are sane people somewhere makes me a bit happier. =)
Hmm... What was your very first video game? Do you remember at all? And when did you get your first PC? I remember you saying that you built your first one in high school, but I didn’t quite understand whether that was your first PC ever.

Ooh... The guy even has his own page on the GTA wiki. Shame he probably doesn’t realise what an honour that is. =)

Yeah... I’m sorry, Jonathan. :'( But the KGB is coming for you. I hope you like Siberia. Or you’ll come to like it.
There’s a bright side too — you’re going to have your own ushanka. You won’t get a personal bear, though; you’ll have to share one. But I’ll see what I can do. We’re friends, after all.

My... The pledge sounds like something designed to make children hate their country. I can imagine you as a stubborn little lad, hating it a little bit. =)
I think I would have been like that too. I hated being forced into line. We didn’t have any outright patriotic nonsense, but my first school loved putting on a good show. At first, there was a uniform. I did everything I could to avoid wearing it. XD All that effort could have been applied to something more useful, but I was too busy finding loopholes. Huh... I suppose I was a QA engineer long ago.
Hah! I remember that when they abandoned the uniform nonsense, they still had rules about clothes. Once, I came to school in a brightly coloured jumper and ended up being yelled at by a teacher. I said I was terribly sorry and that I could take it off — and, well, started taking it off. It was a gamble, yeah. But I hit the jackpot. The teacher shrieked that I should stop and left me alone. XD
Did you have a school uniform?

I don’t think Putin has anything on Trump. I just believe Trump sees him as a kindred spirit.
Although I don’t understand how anyone could want Putin’s life. I think he lives a miserable one. Can you imagine? Surrounded by bodyguards 24/7, constantly calculating where he can and cannot go, and never trusting anyone. All that paranoia... All so he can play with life-sized toy soldiers — and he can’t even dramatically watch his troops from the top of a hill!

I hate that Trump’s son-in-law’s surname is Kushner. Ellen Kushner is a great writer — I’m offended on her behalf.

I did not.
(I absolutely did.)
Ooh, electric cars are fancy. I like how they look. Well, some of them. Very futuristic.
Did you buy yours with the environment in mind?
How much does petrol cost where you are these days? In Voronezh (yeah, I suppose that since I’ve already sent you identifiable pictures, I might as well tell you) it’s already about $1 if you can find anywhere that has it. O_o It’s surreal. XD

I can’t believe you aren’t more interested in your brother. I would have been soooo curious.
I spent quite a lot of time wishing I had some other family, so it feels as though, if I suddenly found someone, I’d be all over them. XD

Can’t. Being ridiculous is my natural state. It’s a medical condition. The doctors say it can’t be cured.
But see, we’re doing great, then — definitely not grinning at our respective screens like lunatics. I bet you’re not grinning right now. I’m not.

Still waiting for those benefits... Maybe I hoisted the flag incorrectly?
And I do provide exceptional customer service, thank you very much! I can spread passive aggression so thinly that you’d thank me for the privilege. That’s a gift.

Have you ever tried running a game with a technical DM? Someone who helps you find things quickly?
One of my friends is a horrible rules nerd. He used to drive me mental by picking at everything he thought was wrong. I made him responsible for keeping track of all the boring stuff instead. =) It makes him useful.

Yeah, I do have some evil plans...
So, my lot are members of the Inquisition, meant to hunt evil things. They’re going to be sent to a country where women are being killed by a vampire.
But when they arrive, they’ll find The Handmaid’s Tale coming to life, in a way. Women are treated as lovely props.
Basically, there’s an underground resistance, and one of its members is a vampire. He’s a good lad — a vegetarian or something. Some of the women in the resistance sacrificed themselves so that he could drain them dry, and their corpses would attract the Inquisition’s attention — all in the hope that the inquisitors would care enough to help them.
I don’t know the details, though. >_< I mean, I don’t know how they’re supposed to fix the situation in a way that feels realistic.
You know what? We should work on our shit together sometime. We might be able to help each other out.

Mm, okay. I’m going to need a report about that Scouts night too. What’s it like?

Oh my... Don’t call yourself special! XD I’m traumatised.
There was a book about werewolves that I read recently, and one of the heroes was referred to as “special” all the fucking time. Now, every time I see that word, I imagine a naked bloke standing in the snow, delivering a grand speech about community, family, love, and acceptance. XD

Oh, I love mythology too! Greek mythology is the best, imho. But I recently read some Japanese myths... They’re so weird!
That group sounds so backwards... I can’t imagine how they came up with that idea. The book literally says that Jesus is a sweet bun. Well... maybe that was just my interpretation. Still...

You’d understand me if you saw her! It’s a divine experience)))
I’m sorry about your cousin, though. Can’t we just... I don’t know... kill all evil people? Please?

So your people-watching sounds a lot like what I do at parties. XD I can confidently say that I’m a professional, then.

Oh, I’m so sorry that you have to manage all the help. It sounds like a huge amount of work and responsibility. I hope they don't bother you too much.

Plague Inc. was a Thing here. I remember the days when it was only available on phones...
So, are you into Final Fantasy? Have you played all of them?

I haven’t tried Nightingale yet — I had books to shelve!

Oh, for fuck’s sake... While writing this, I kept thinking, “Ask him the thing. The thing! Don’t forget the thing.”
And now I’m sitting here like, “Er... Jonathan... the thing... There was a thing I meant to ask...”
_Jun 27, 2026_12:52_0.jpeg
That’s Youki trying to watch telly from one of my reading nooks. The telly doesn’t work, though — I replaced the window glass with frosted glass. I’m cruel, I know. =)
Kaktysshmanchik
2:43 PM
Yay!!!! I've been waiting for this book to be delivered for weeks! I'm so made up!
_Jun 27, 2026_02:43_0.jpeg
Jun 29
jsammons90
12:04 AM
Haha, you're fine! I know that you're enjoying talking to me too, otherwise you wouldn't be doing it. I just feel bad for all the work it is for you. I know what you mean about conveying intonation though - I wish that was a way to convey it in text better than doing the little expressions via faces. What can I say, I'm a fast learner! :D

How was the birthday? I definitely want to find time to play something again, it's just tricky with our schedules - I'll try to find some time for sure though! I've never tried co-op in Serious Sam - if Serious Sam 4 is really good, I'm happy to just pick it up while it's on sale.

I had to lookup what scouse is, never heard of it before! I'm taking a bit of pleasure in knowing that I'm irritating you with how competent I am XD. It does take awhile though, no way around that really. Once I know a recipe I can get it going pretty quickly and it's not too bad, but the first time or two takes like twice as long when you have to keep referring back to the recipe. I will say, I make fantastic pancakes from lots of practice - my kids ask for them every Saturday morning. Are pancakes a thing over there?

I'm loving Clair Obscur - on my way to fight the second Axon. I did the one in the East first, because I'm a masochist. I'm also playing on Expert mode and I only parry, no dodging. I'm really enjoying the challenge of it - gonna take on Sprong before I go to do the second Axon. Not too sure what's going on story wise yet, but I have a feeling that the paintress is like a necessary evil or something. I also think that the Nevrons are probably failed expedition members and your party will feel awful when they figure it out, basically slaughtering their own.

I know what you mean - the people who say these things really pick and choose the games that they target, but you can't deny the data showing the benefits! I love when you can throw that in their faces - I like being a smug prick sometimes :). I really love Ireland, it's a great place - no regrets moving here.

First game....it would have been on the SNES I think - either Super Mario Bros. or The Legend of Zelda: A Link to the Past. I remember playing both of those a lot as a kid. We also had the NES and I remember playing some games on that, but mostly SNES. What about you? I was playing PC games before I built my own, I was just using my dads computer. We had Age of Empires, Doom, Doom 2, and Duke Nukem along with all of the expansions...I really loved Duke Nukem and it was so inappropriate for kids XD. It's funny, for my first PC, I worked a construction job ripping stuff out of a building all summer to save money for a car so I could drive to see my girlfriend at the time. I was 15 (you can drive with an adult in the car at 15 in South Carolina using your learners drivers license). During my time working over that summer, she broke up with me so I threw the car idea out the window and used it to build my first PC for like $1500. I think I probably owe her a thank you for cutting me loose :). When did you get your first PC?

Goddammit....I should have known....I trusted you and look where it has gotten me....The ushanka will be cool though, but I'm bummed that I won't have a personal bear. Thank you for looking out for me, comrade. >.> (I read this message yesterday while I was at the scouts night away and what you said had me laughing so hard).

I think you and I are a lot alike - I tend to rebel against people telling me what to do, don't like it at all. I admire you ingenuity! Calling them on their bluff, pure genius. We didn't have uniforms at any school that I went to, but they did have a lot of restrictions. Actually, I wonder if I could find the current ones....Yep, adding that in here XD

Oh yeah, I would think that it's a pretty miserable existence to be honest. That said, if they stopped being cunts, they wouldn't have to worry about people wanting to kill them so much! XD

Yeah, we got ours with the environment in mind, but also just knowing that oil is a finite resource that is only going to continue to get more and more scarce, so electric vehicles are the most logical next step. Just trying to get ahead of the curve, ya know? Petrol here at the moment is about 1.85 Euro per liter, but that's with the government currently subsidizing something like 27 cents per liter. They started that when Trump started bombing Iran to keep costs down, but it's supposed to be coming to an end - might get extended though with everything going on.

Perfect, got your location. US troops are now en-route to Maduro you (yes, that's a thing that they do now) for your political stances. You will permanently work in a Waffle House serving coffee and greasy breakfast foods to people at 2 AM. You will be expected to live off of tips - a trailer with a mild cockroach infestation will be appointed to you as your dwelling. Also, you now drink Budewiser and enjoy American Football. Now stand and pledge allegiance.

I saw that Ukraine bombed a couple more oil refineries there today or last night or something - really trying to put the squeeze on Russia's oil supply.

Well I DEFINITELY don't live in Kildare Town in Ireland....that picture of the cathedral out my window was just a trick of the light!

Yeah, I know what you mean about finding out about my brother. I guess my family was always so dysfunctional that I didn't think much about adding more into that. I remember being so shocked and surprised about it at the time, but I was also processing everything that had happened and I guess it just never clicked or something.

Yeah, no - of course not. Definitely not grinning and looking forward to messaging back all weekend, definitely not.

Nah, never tried the technical DM route because I always knew the game better than the other guys. But Kyle is great for looking things up and being on top of it when he's really interested in something, which D&D has really taken off for him, so we're always talking about rules and stuff. He actually helps keep me straight on quite a few things as far as the technicalities of some rules. I like what you did with your friend though - put 'em to work ;).

Oooo, I really like The Handmaid's Tale approach that you're taking - very interesting. Having people sacrifice themselves for the greater good - very morally grey of that vampire. I wonder if all of that has given him the taste for it now and he's finding it hard to resist? Maybe lets loose because he starts to not be able to control the cravings? Is the whole country wrapped up in this or is it like a smaller cabal? I would love to work together on stuff - brainstorming is great - two brains are better than one! :) I'm sure we can come up with some really ridiculous shit together.

The Scouts night was a lot of fun. My role was pretty much making sure no one died, so mission accomplished there! The kids had a lot of fun - they mostly just ran free in the big field behind the place and chased each other, they were happy out. There was one boy that I was talking to though - he was from the Monday night group (we're Tuesday) and it was really sad. He is originally from Venezuela and he was telling me how sad his mom is about the earthquake there and how there were a lot of deaths. I told him how sorry I was to hear that and that the best thing he could do for his mom would be to give her big hugs. He said that he tries, but it doesn't help. I just told him that it helps more than he knows and that he should keep doing it. I asked him how long he had been in Ireland then and he told me 2 years and that he and his brothers and mom came over, but his dad died there before he could join them. I started tearing up and just telling him how sorry I am to hear that. Then I changed the subject to a book that he brought to practice his writing and got the conversation turned around so that he was laughing....fuck, all I could think in my head was how bad I felt for this poor kid. His aunt was one of the other leaders and I just made her aware of the conversation and she told me that he came to Ireland when he was 2, so the poor kid never even knew his dad. She thanked me for giving him the time though - she said that he really looks for male figures to just sit and talk to him.

Oh Kathy....don't be so naive. Don't you know.....I'm the chosen one? XD

Yes! Greek mythology is the best, it was always my favorite. Did you ever play Age of Empires Mythology? I loved that game when I was younger. Japanese myth is pretty crazy for sure.

I know - I wish all of the hateful people in the world was just join hands and fuck off into the sunset together XD

Ah, a connoisseur of people watching I see. I know an equal when I meet one. XD

Oh, my dear - don't you worry. I have help to help manage the help, of course. I couldn't be seen dirtying my hands with the help - imagine what the neighbors in the next estate would say! *posh laugh* *woman swoons*

I remember playing it on my phone too - it was a decent time waster, so I figured why not for 1 euro or whatever it was. I was never really big into Final Fantasy, but I did play 7 on the original PlayStation. Kyle was telling me how great these remakes are, so I figured why not. What about you - ever play them?

"I haven’t tried Nightingale yet — I had books to shelve!" - I fully admire your determination.

Sooooo.....what's the thing, Kathy? Ask me the thing! XD

Poor Youki - just wanting something so simple. So, so cruel :.(

An American Marriage? Slow down, we've just met! XD What's the book about?

Kaktysshmanchik
1:16 PM
Ah, the birthday was great. Not too many people this time, so it was rather quiet. And... well... I’m going to send you a picture. No comment. We’re very mature.
I showed my friends the drug commercial you sent — they loved it. =) Naturally, I took credit for finding it. XD
Also, the homophobic friend apologised to me! O_O Completely out of nowhere. He said he didn’t know how I put up with him — I genuinely didn’t know what to do with that. But I suppose he’d been thinking about it a lot, since he blurted it out as soon as he got tipsy enough.
All in all, I still ended up staring into the void as soon as I got home, recharging. =)
How do you usually entertain yourself at birthday parties?

Yeah, finding the time is a bitch. SS4 is okay, but you already have the third one... I don’t know. Anyway, that’s a problem for future us to figure out.

And now someone’s getting smug. >_>
Yeah, pancakes are A Thing here. Especially in spring, during Maslenitsa. It’s a whole week when we’re supposed to drive away the winter spirit or something, and people make shitloads of pancakes. I don’t, because I end up with miserable lumps instead((
Actually, I have a story about my first attempt at making pancakes.
I was a kid and had never cooked anything more complicated than a boiled egg. And I loved the fuck out of pancakes. So, when no one was home, I tried to make them. But I didn’t know what the batter was supposed to look like. Aaaand when it became rather watery — as it should be — I tried to fix it. I ended up pouring the whole thing away so no one would find out about the disaster. =)
Cooking in the morning... that’s torture in my book. In the mornings, my main goal is not to die. I’ve been successful so far. Yay...
Do you enjoy learning new recipes? What was the most deranged thing you tried to cook?

Oh my... Expert mode. Okay. Why do you hate yourself?
Have you met Monoco yet? I’m ready to start gushing about his musical theme — it’s so fucking great! I was mesmerised when it started. I have it set as my “workday’s over” alarm. =)
And I’m going to need you to tell me what you think of the ending once you get there.
I won’t tell you whether any of your suspicions are true, obviously. But I love your line of thought. Proper DM thinking.

I used to play on my dad’s PC as well. He swears that my first game was Adventure. I don’t remember whether that’s true.
But I do remember playing Serious Sam, The 7th Guest — the disc was kept in an Oblivion box — and Leisure Suit Larry, speaking of games that were inappropriate for children. XD
And there was another game I can’t remember... I only remember that when you died, there was a picture of a sword or banner stuck in the ground, with a skull lying underneath it. There was music too, and it frightened me more than anything. I used to hide whenever I knew I was about to die, yelling for my dad to turn it off. XD
I think I got my own PC when I was about 7. I simply inherited my dad’s old one. I loved taking it apart and reassembling it more than I enjoyed the games. Just pull it apart, put it back together, repeat. Ah... good old days...
The story about the car feels very American to me. =) It also does my head in to think about teenagers simply driving around. That’s absolutely mental.
When did you eventually buy your first car?

The dress code is hilarious. I mean... “It must not undermine the authority of teachers.” How fragile is that authority? “Jeopardise the safety of others.” O_O It seems there are things I don’t know about clothing in the US.
“Low-cut blouses.” When exactly does a neckline become low-cut? Where’s the line? What exactly makes pyjamas pyjamas?
The shirt with a double meaning is pure gold.
Sooooo... backless dresses and blouses are allowed? What if I wear no bra — no visible underwear, after all — and really wide sleeves? No sunglasses... What about glasses that tint in bright light?
Gods... I’ve gone into QA mode. XD It’s a curse.
Were the rules similar when you were at school?

Holy fuck... O_O €1.85 per litre... I’ve never seen prices like that. My condolences, I suppose.

Hah! Don’t threaten me with a good time. I can master “sweetheart” — or is that more of a British thing? — and stare poor Americans into giving me bigger tips. Or threaten them with a smile - to really deliver the message.
And how large are the cockroaches going to be? Can they be considered dogs? Very small ones?

Yeah, Ukraine has been pressing hard lately. A few days ago, when Moscow was burning, my colleagues were quietly panicking — and management didn’t give a fuck. >_< I ended up running around, making about a thousand calls, talking to everyone and listening to them. Fun times.
And then I ended up on Reddit, reading comments from people celebrating. I understand it when Ukrainians do that. But everyone else? That’s beyond my understanding, especially after listening to my anti-Putin colleague cry to me for half an hour.
And after that, they blew up a factory in Voronezh, and I ended up in the same shitshow all over again — calming my friends down this time.

Gotcha. Not Kildare. Definitely. Some entirely different part of Ireland.

Huh... I never thought about making the vampire start craving human blood as a result. Yeah, I like where this is going. =) Cheers!
Yeah, two sadistic idiots are better than one any day.

Aw, it was so kind of you to talk to that boy. The whole thing you did is very heartwarming. Thank you for sharing it.
And yeah, the earthquake was horrible. And considering what a lovely bunch of people their government is... yeah...
Hmm... Do you think it’s important for a boy to have a male figure in his life?

Nah, I’m not into strategy games. It’s so difficult to manage all that stuff. But watching you run around checking numbers in Satisfactory tells me you’re still rather good at it, no?

Ah, I beg your pardon, my good sir. I am deeply mortified by my mistake. I should have known that you are a sensible man who knows how to deal with the help.

Nah, I haven’t played Final Fantasy. But I have played The Binding of Isaac and Hotline Miami — and I sucked at them gloriously. XD So, a stupid amount of challenge in your games. Noted.

Yeah. The thing. I forgot the thing. =)
But I have a new thing! The one I also forgot. So...
How’s the running going? Did you ever try it again after that one time, or did the heatwave spoil it?

Gods, buy a woman dinner before accusing her of proposing, at least. Standards really have collapsed. Tsk...
But the book looks promising. I’ve already read Silver Sparrow by the same author, and I loved her prose. It was about a bigamist, and the story was told from the perspectives of his two daughters. One is the secret daughter — secret marriage, secret child. She knows what her father is and knows about his other family. The other daughter is the official one. She knows fuck all, but she has her own struggles too. It was so fucking good!
And An American Marriage is supposed to be about newlyweds. The man is sentenced to twelve years for a crime he didn’t commit. I’m dying to know how they’re going to survive that — and what will happen when he eventually comes home.

By the way, I took inspiration from you and decided that I need more relaxation at work. =) I’m going for a walk during my lunch break today. Yeah, I’m edgy like that. I might even turn off the notifications on my phone! O_O The audacity!

And since it’s the end of the month, I’ve finished my monthly reading report! Yay!
1:19 PM
My scribbles.
And the result of a very sophisticated birthday activity

jsammons90
5:13 PM
I love that you guys did modelling clay for the birthday! What a nice way to just chill and relax. Also, you seem to be quite talented at it! It's funny - we're all really just big kids deep down. We all grow up and end up having to be adults, but when you're an adult, you realize that no one really knows what the fuck they're doing and they're just trying to make sense of everything.

Oh, that's fine - I see how it is, Kathy! Steal my glory by taking credit of my findings! XD Glad that they enjoyed it though :). Also, that's wild about your homophobic friend coming out and apologizing....that's a huge thing for him to do. I think it says a lot about a person when they can take ownership of things like that and apologize. How long does it usually take you to recharge after something like that?

Hmmm....all of the birthday parties that I've been to recently are those of children (man that sounds creepy). I just end up making that awkward small talk with the other parents - those useless little throw-away conversations that have no depth. I absolutely hate it, but those are the sacrifices that we make for kids I guess! If I need a break from the conversations, I just wander around and watch Maebh or Tadhg to make sure that they're okay.

'And now someone’s getting smug. >_>' XD Yep! Do winter spirits.....hate pancakes? I love little traditions like that from cultures though - so fascinating. Oh no! At least you tried to make pancakes. If we somehow ever meet in person, I'll make you pancakes - I'm proud of my pancakes. I do enjoy learning new recipes, but only if I have the time and space to do it - can't do it under pressure. As for the craziest thing I've ever made, that would probably be ravioli from scratch. Made the pasta from flour and and all. We had friends over for a board game night and one of the people was a French chef, so we were trying to impress him. It was so much work making the pasta, then filling each ravioli individually - but it tasted great. For desert, I made homemade mint chocolate chip icecream using coconut milk and mint grown from my mint plant - it was also fantastic. I used to have so much more extra time for cooking before kids. XD What about you - craziest thing you ever made?

Oh yeah - I never really told you that I'm a bit of a masochist when it comes to the games that I play. I always play on the hardest difficulty and everything. I guess the challenge keeps me going for most of them. I've had Monoco for awhile now, he and Verso have great banter together. Esquie is also amazing, love those characters XD. I'll definitely keep you in the loop with my thoughts :)

Haha, Leisure Suit Larry XD Yeah, that's definitely an inappropriate one for you to encounter as a kid. Huh, I'm trying to think of any old PC games with that kind of ending, but I'm drawing a blank....Tried taking a look in Google, but no luck unfortunately. You're definitely an engineer at heart with the way you kept taking apart the old PC! I had an old PC like that in my room before I ever built mine - mostly played Age of Empires on it and Civilization 3. I would never have dreamed of taking it apart though - I would have been too afraid to break it.

My first car was a 1990 Ford Escort - I'm adding a picture that looks just like the one I had. My mom and step-dad paid 1000 dollars for it for me and I helped bring my sister to school and stuff like that using it. I drove that car into the ground - ended up trading it for a case of beer to a friend a few years later XD. It was stolen from in front of the same friends house one time and ditched at a motel - it was a hunk of junk. If you were stopped at a traffic light for too long, the engine would overheat because the radiator wasn't working - you had to be driving to keep the engine cool. XD I think I got the better deal with the case of beer.

Yup, it's so limiting that it gets to the point of why don't they just enforce uniforms? I know that there's lines in there about the clothing need to sit on your waist as well because of sagging pants. A lot of kids used to (still do?) let their pants sag low so you could see their underwear - it was a whole gang related thing that was ridiculous. As for the low cut blouses, I think if you can see cleavage then they would force you to go home and change. It's all ridiculous and you would have driven them mad with the way that you would have tried to work around the system. Just thinking about what you did to that teacher that was giving you a hard time - you'd give some old southern person a heart attack XD. The rules were pretty similar when I was there too, but I feel like they've cracked down even harder to be honest. I remember girls getting into trouble for skirts being too short and stuff like that. I didn't see it listed there, but I have heard in some schools where boys got into trouble for painting their nails as well....that may have happened in my school, but I can't fully recall.

Hahahaha - oh no, you're right on the money - sweetheart would fit in perfectly. Also, you have to use the phrase, "Aw, bless their heart" in a very passive aggressive manner. An example: "Awww, they weren't blessed with looks, bless their heart." Gotta find ways to insult people while still pretending to be kind! Your Slavic stare though....I'm sure that would frighten the locals - they'd be unsettled. As for the cockroaches - nah, not that big. I would say as big as.....hmmmm....I'm trying to think of a good comparison now....a house key? I think they'd be about as long as that and there's hundreds of them. I remember one guy that I knew a bit - went over to the trailer he was living in once and it was a mess. Dirty dishes all over the place and everything. Saw one run across the floor and I refused to sit down or touch anything - got out of there as quickly as I could. Where there's one, there's plenty more hiding all over the place - can't stand them XD

That's gotta be really difficult - I'm sorry that you're having to experience all of that and I feel for everyone in Russia that is against what their government is doing, but has to live with it. I think a lot of people just don't think too deeply about things. They just think Russia, Bad and Ukraine, Good, without thinking about all of the intricacies that are in-between. I know that there are plenty of good people in both Russia and Ukraine and I know that there are plenty of terrible people in both too. I feel like the vast majority of people see things in black and white and not the grey that everything really is. You're a good person to sit and listen to everyone - I imagine it was draining for you, but also you don't really have anyone to do that for you since you're the team lead. You're expected to be strong for everyone else which is a tall order. I didn't realize that they hit Voronezh as well - I hope everyone is okay :/.

Oh yeah - I wrote down some more random ideas about your story earlier. In no specific order:
Vampire Offspring?
Would the party kill innocent vampire children? (similar choice in BG3).
How are the locals handling it? Embrace? Resistance? Cult worship?
Has the undeath brought interest from any other parties (Lich or powerful wizard for example)?

I'll collect my thoughts on my campaign and give you what I have so far to get your feedback, if you don't mind :).

Thanks - I was really caught off guard in the moment with him. He was such a kind, quiet kid....I just wanted to reassure him as best I could, but be honest with him. I don't think that a male figure is important really - I think the most important thing for any kid is just having someone that is willing to accept them for who they are and is kind, caring, and loving to them. Someone that will help bolster who they are and what they like in life, rather than putting them down or trying to restrict them. Of course, there has to boundaries for certain things in life, for safety and whatnot, but I think as long as a kid has what I just said, that's all that really matters. There's plenty of kids with shitty male figures in their lives that would be better off without them, ya know? What do you think?

Haha, yeah - I enjoy strategy games and stuff. I really enjoy figuring out puzzles and stuff like that - I think that's why I like Satisfactory so much because it's basically just doing math disguised as a game. I actually have a fantasy puzzle book sitting on my desk that I got for Christmas that I need to crack open and mess with sometime. I'll send a picture of it and the book I'm reading right now :).

'Ah, I beg your pardon, my good sir. I am deeply mortified by my mistake. I should have known that you are a sensible man who knows how to deal with the help.' XD - Indeed - just ensure that this misstep in judgement does not occur hence-forth.

Haha! I'm sure the thing will come back to you sometime. As for the running - I've gone a few times! I took a break last week during the heatwave though - I was sweating enough just sitting still. Also, I have a bit of asthma that flares up with my allergies or when I work out, so I'm getting that worked out with the doctor - went for a breathing test last Friday about it actually. I used to be able to run 5 kilometers without stopping, so I'm trying to build back up to that at least. I'm running about 2k right now and then walking while catching my breath, and then running again right now. I'd love to get back into yoga too - I always felt so good after yoga. Do you do any of that sort of stuff?

Woah, woah, woah - I believe it is YOU that needs to offer to bring ME out to dinner first! I'm a feminist, we're all equal here! XD The stories both sound really interesting! How long do you think it will take you to read the book? Would you say that you're a fast reader?

Yay! Influence! You should definitely take time for yourself though. I used to bring my Steamdeck into work and sit there playing games on my lunch break when I had to go into the office. I remember the director of HR stopping one time and saying that she was happy to see that someone actually takes time for themselves on their lunch break - I wasn't expecting that at all XD Ya know....if you ever want to get a bit of game time in on your lunch break, I won't say no!

Thanks for sharing your monthly reading report - I get the feeling that's not something you'd just share with anyone. You have really nice handwriting by the way - mine is terrible. It also looks like you're a really talented artist....I'm not jealous at all. I wish I could draw well.

Well, you set foot outside - that was mistake number 1. Don't you know that it's dangerous out there?!
_Jun 29, 2026_03:14_0.jpeg
_Jun 29, 2026_03:15_0.jpeg
Kaktysshmanchik
9:56 PM
Wait... Don’t you do any fun shit at birthday parties? Man... that sucks.
I mean... we always come up with something. This time, it was modelling clay and playing a game one of my friends had just released. Talking too — somehow, we always end up talking about death. XD Russians are cheerful.
For my last birthday, I brought a chemistry kit for children — that was so much fun! Before that, I think it was diamond painting. Sometimes, we just watch a film together. Or play Pathfinder if someone comes up with an absolutely unhinged and ridiculous scenario. I remember saving a blob of goo named Alyosha once...
And unwrapping presents is a whole thing too — there are always multiple layers, little notes, and lots of curious little things hidden inside.

Oh, the time it takes me to recharge depends on how many people are there. This time, there were only five of us, so I was fine the next morning. But sometimes, there are ten or twelve people, including girlfriends I’m not too familiar with yet. Then I end up lying flat the following day too.
Is it that bad for you too, or are you better at this than I am?

Pancakes are meant to be little suns, you absolute muppet! XD They hate sun and watmth... er... well... then that means... yeah, apparently winter spirits do hate pancakes, if you think about it. You broke Maslenitsa. Congratulations.
Do you usually make those thick little things they show in American films? In my world, pancakes are thin and huge. >_>
Gods... now I’m hungry. Thanks for that... But damn, you deserve to be smug.
Yeah, my level of crazy is not your level of crazy. =) But I liked making Wet Nelly. XD It suits me well — easy and not time-consuming at all.

Hmm... I’m choosing the difficulty setting in Serious Sam, then. I won’t trust you with that.
So. Monoco. Have you heard the fucking music?! It’s all like taaaa-daaaa-daaa, and then — vzh vzh-vzh! Gods, it was beautiful! A bit like Cowboy Bebop. The live-action one — I haven’t seen the anime.
Yeah, Esquie is so wonderful! ^_^
How was your first encounter with a mime though? =)

Huh... I don’t think it ever occurred to me that I could break my PC by messing with it. O_O
Also, I used to keep the money I’d saved inside it so my mother wouldn’t find it, so there was no other option but to poke around every so often. XD

Well, the car looks very... um... car-shaped. And I can see that it has wheels, so I assume yours had wheels too. (I think I’m doing brilliantly with all this car talk)
But... stolen? Just like that? That’s so strange to me. Did that happen a lot?
“You had to be driving to keep the engine cool” - I think there was a film where some people had to keep driving or they would die. Now I know what inspired it.

I suppose uniforms would mean that you’d have to buy them, and not everyone can afford that.
But it seems like restrictions only encourage children to find loopholes — at least, that was true for me. Maybe the goal is to raise as many QA engineers as possible? XD
And what’s wrong with boys painting their nails? Nah, that’s just idiocy. I don’t know why, but I usually get all giddy when I see a man with painted nails. I suppose I like it when people challenge gender norms.

“Aw, bless their heart” sounds a little nasal in my head. I’m not sure I can pull it off. =(
But yeah, “sweetheart” I can do! And excuse you, the Slavic stare is an art I’ve been mastering all my life. That, and a grin that makes grown men reconsider their life choices.
Anyhow. Yeah... I might have to decline the offer. Those cockroaches are tiny! That won’t do, Jonathan. Won’t do at all.

Nah, I’m okay with that. I can keep my shit together on my own. Dissociation and escapism, remember? =) Thanks for being all sweet and kind, though. That's nice.
I like the way you think. Thinking about all the grey areas takes a lot of energy, and the brain is always looking for shortcuts. I suspect most people prefer not to do that much work. I don’t blame them, though. People have enough problems of their own without thinking about someone else on top of that.
Hmm... back when you lived in the US, did you ever think about what you would do if a war started for some reason?
Funny thing: when I first went to my therapist, I just dumped everything I had on her during our first session. Among other things, there was this rather irrational (at the time) fear that a war would start.
Soooo... someone should start writing down the things I think about. XD

Oh my, you’re evil. XD
Yeah, okay, those are solid ideas.
Where do you get your inspiration from?
I think it’s obvious that I work with whatever books have fed me.
Yeah, I’ll be waiting for those notes!

Well, I know sod all about children. And even less about boys specifically. =)
But your view on the subject sounds reasonable, especially the part about shitty male figures. So I’m going to trust the professional. =)
I might just add that an imagined need for a gendered role model could be a sign of a traditional society/family/person/whatever. Why does a boy need a man around? To learn how to be a man. Can’t he just figure it out on his own? Nope — there’s only one correct way, and it would be difficult to find alone.
I don’t know... Maybe I’m just making things up. Does that sound remotely plausible? XD

Damn... I’ve never heard of any of those books. Except for Dungeon Crawler Carl — from your first message or somewhere around then. XD
Is it any good?
And do send me a picture of a page from the puzzle book. I’m curious.

No... I’m lazy that way. I only walk my dogs and fool around with them. We live near a forest, so there are lots of places to explore. Mm... I suppose there’s a fancy word for it: hiking. XD
I used to do yoga too, but I got bored. And my knees hate running. I also used to go to the gym... er... lift weights or whatever. But since I moved, the nearest one is an hour away — and that’s basically the distance from here to the Moon!
So, what did the breathing test show, if you don’t mind me asking?
I have trouble breathing sometimes too. I went through a bunch of doctors — nada. Then I started observing myself more closely, and my experiments suggested that it was anxiety! XD Just my muscles locking up and not letting me breathe properly. I never knew that was possible.

Ah, so we’re doomed to reach the point where we argue about whether the bill should be split or something. Damn... and here I thought I’d dodged that bullet. XD
My reading speed depends on the book. My usual pace is 50 pages a day. In Russian, it’s around a 100 pages. But when I was reading Austen, it was so fucking difficult! I think I managed about 25 pages a day.
Is that considered fast enough in your book? =)
Also, how easy Austen is for you as a native speaker?

Yeah... we could try something. My husband works from home too, though, so that might be inconvenient for everyone. But we can try it and find out whether either of us disturbs the other.
I don’t know when I’ll be more or less free. My schedule is a mess. But I could ping you on Discord sometime and see whether you’re available.

Yeah, yeah, we’ve already established that you’re the specialest special boy who ever specialed. Get over it. =)
And my handwriting is good? >_> It feels as though you’re joking... But I’ll take it anyway.
The pen changes it a lot. With a ballpoint pen, it looks much worse. And the paper makes a big difference too. So, you might have to find your perfect match first to find out your handwriting is actually nice.

Ah! One more thing! I remembered one of the things!
I wanted to show you this: https://www.youtube.com/@CinemaTherapyShow
I absolutely love this channel. I’m not really into films, but I watch whatever they’re discussing — great films, mostly, and gorgeous analysis.
As a bonus point just for me, Alan — the one with the beard — cries in almost every episode. Somehow hot. XD

Sorry it took me so long to reply. It was a funny day. I don’t think I was particularly productive, but it feels as though I was doing a lot of... something.
I can’t even tell what I’ve been doing, but I was very busy. >_<
Kaktysshmanchik
10:17 PM
I'm rereading a thing today... It's more art than a book. I'm gonna try to show you.
It's Pushkin - Eugene Onegin. But it... redacted? It forms another story.

This one is something like:
[They should be forced to read in Russian,
I hear you say. But can you see
a lady -- what] a grim [discussion! --
with The Well-Meaner on her knee?
I ask you, each and every poet!
the darling objects -- don't you know it? --
for whom, to expiate your crimes,
you've made so many] secret [rhymes,
to whom your hearts are dedicated,
is it not true that Russian speech,
so sketchily possessed by each,
by all is sweetly] mutilated[,
and it's the foreign] phrase [that trips
like native idiom from their lips?]

That's not the same though >_<
In russian it's more like "Fear secretly distorted language"

Kaktysshmanchik
10:23 PM
Ah... Everything else I just can't translate >_<
Well, I can translate, but it's not the same
Jun 30
jsammons90
1:49 AM
Gonna respond to your messages in the morning, but wanted to share this for now.

Kaktysshmanchik
2:13 AM
Holy shit.... Half an hour??? Okay. I'm definitely not letting you pick the difficulty level in any game we play.
That's fucking impressive though. Also, stay hydrated, maybe?))

jsammons90
3:47 PM
Nope! But most of the birthday parties that I end up going to are the kid ones where there's a bouncy castle or something and all of the parents sit around chatting. I don't have any friends to meet up with in person here, so I'm never at any adult birthday parties. When it's my birthday or Joanna's, we usually just go away for the night while someone babysits the kids. I really like what you guys do, it sounds like a lot of fun! Is the multiple layers in presents a normal thing that people do for gifts in Russia?

If I've been around something like that, I really want time just by myself to play games or something to unwind, but that never really happens because the kids keep me busy. At the weekend, from the morning until their bedtime (around 8), we're all pretty much together doing something or I'm busy making them food or cleaning up or something like that - you don't really get a break with kids >.<.

Ahhhh, little suns! I get it now. I'm feeling very proud of breaking Maslenitsa from Ireland - I'll take a bow now. :D Oh my friend - if you're making pancakes, the BEST way to make them is the American way. Nice and thick for soaking up all that butter and syrup. I do like the little thin ones as well, but the best way is a nice stack of the thick ones ;). Wet....Nelly....hmmmm. Just gonna Google what this dish is really quickly....Ahhh, that looks nice!

Hahaha - that's completely find with me! I'm all for people enjoying their games however they want - I think it's weird when people complain that others don't play at a certain difficulty or challenge level. Oh yeah! I went and looked up his music again because I couldn't remember it and it's great. All of the music is great in that game though - I'm thoroughly enjoying it. OH! New assumption made - I think the Paintress and Maelle are one in the same somehow. The dude in camp that upgrades your stuff had a flash of Renoir and I just beat the other Axon (the one with all of the faces of emotion) and Verso made the comment that that one must have been Verso, so there's definitely some fuckery going on. Also, the Manor is obviously the old home of all of these people. There are still plenty of blanks to fill, but the picture is definitely being painted (see what I did there? ;)). As for the mimes - I fought the one in Lumiere before the game really starts - took me a few attempts, but it got me ready for all of the other ones that I've encountered, they're pretty easy since they all seem to use the same attack patterns and stuff. I've killed probably around 9 mimes so far? Had the whole crew decked out in their French gear for a long time, but they're all dressed a lot more sophisticated now - very fancy. I'll have to send you a picture of the party.

I forgot that there was a live action Cowboy Bebop - was it good? Do you watch any anime?

Yikes - that's awful that you used to have to hide your money like that >.> - I applaud your ingenuity though!

Ah, yes - it also included seats to sit in. You obviously have impeccable taste in motor vehicles. That was the only time that I ever had a car stolen - it didn't bother me too much then though because the car was a bunch of junk. I do remember that my moms house was broken into once - think they stole a TV. Not sure if they ever caught the people. Oh yes, the blockbuster classic Speed! Edge of your seat stuff XD I remember watching it as a kid.

Yes! It's all a secret way to build a QA army - of course! XD We paint Tadhg's nails when he wants them painted. They're just colors on fingers - if the kid's happy, then that's all that matters. I remember my mom giving out before saying how all of the schools are trying to turn boys into girls and girls into boys now - she makes me roll my eyes so fucking hard.

Yikes....we're going to have to go ahead and deduct 45 freedom points from you if you can't assimilate with the southern sayings....sorry, rules are rules, ya know? As for the cockroaches, I'm sorry - we'll attempt radiation trials to see if we can get those numbers up.

Oh yeah, I forgot, go ahead and shove alllllllllll those emotions waayyyy down in there XD. You're a good person - and as you know, I think most people are pretty shit, so yeah :).

Ya know, I never actually thought about the US being attacked or what I would do. I know that the US does have a very strong military, I would have been surprised if there ever was an invasion or bombings or anything like that. I guess that idea was so far from a possibility for me, I never really considered it. I don't know what I would do though. Uhhhh....Kathy.....any other ideas that you would like to share with the class that we could go ahead and prepare for? Ya know, just in case?

I'm glad you like the ideas! I was thinking earlier as well, a couple of other questions: What's the motivation for the vampire/organization doing this? Immortality? Power? Trying to bring back a dead loved one? Also, could be an interesting idea - a daughter or young sister of the leader that portrays herself innocently to the party to gain trust, but is just using them for power. Her innocent looks makes her an unassuming enemy and they may have trouble engaging with an aggressive child, even if their innocence has been eroded away over hundreds of years or something? Lastly, an idea for a maguffin or solution to the problem - tainting the blood that is being consumed with poison or something to weaken or kill the vampire(s), but at the cost of innocent lives? I dunno, just ideas off the top of my head.

Honestly, for a lot of this stuff, I just try to think of interesting ideas or devices. Try to approach it like writing a book or something I guess. The young, innocent looking vampire girl I'm pulling from 'Interview with a Vampire' though - I remember Kirsten Dunst's character in that being a little girl who was actually quite aggressive and violent, despite her innocent looks.

Right, as for my campaign - so the party have been helping the mining town of Phandalin. The town was being controlled by a bandit group called the Redbrands that they have run out of town, but their leader had escaped and has since returned to strike a deal with the leader of the Miner's Association, Halia. The guys name is Albreck but goes by Glass-staff due to the glass staff that he usually carries around, but one of the party members grabbed it when he fled sessions ago. So Glass-Staff and Halia are working together (Halia is a member of the Zhentarim, a shady organization trying to control the world by any means necessary) and Zhentarim members have shown up for whatever Halia needs. The Samurai PC has some of his clan in the town protecting it right now, building defenses and stuff (about 8 Samurai and 20 Ashigaru foot soldiers). The party is away at the moment and just killed a young white dragon named Cryovain that was attacking people and was one of their goals. They also made an alliance with a young green dragon named Venomfang who is trying to use the party to gain access to a place called The Forge of Spells in Wave Echo Cave, which is where the party is likely to be headed next. Glass-Staff has attempted to get a truce with the party by saying that he will assist them in unraveling the mysterious of the Forge if they return his staff and agree to put their differences aside. The forge is currently being discovered by the Black Spider who was Glass-Staff's boss and the ring leader behind a lot of this - he also wants the power of the forge. Also, there have been Orcs rampaging around and attacking places because Cryovain had run them out of an old castle in the mountains that they were in.....there's a lot going on XD. I'm actually going to share my notes with you if you're curious to see everything, as there's plenty more that I've left out.
Notes: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1HCEjDN5X-RIwbZgHXCDn9iXTy_oCF74ux54PmHR4MiU/edit?usp=sharing
Fishing Game for the campaign that I setup for Kyle, because he loves fishing: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1uCzipjy6FIftxV8Rrj2iExU5RG0HAQeOEqIL3X-ngaU/edit?tab=t.0#heading=h.7bfn7aln3u7v

I think you're absolutely correct about your view on kids and their needing specific genders, we're aligned on that (surprise, surprise). I was actually going to mention that about the trad family being the whole thing with that, but we're obviously on the same wavelength!

That's right, you remembered! I'm actually really enjoying it - I think you would enjoy it too. It's pretty crazy, hard to even explain. I'll send you some pictures of the puzzles as well :)

Oh yeah, I don't mind you asking at all! So, I had to use this machine to test everything with different breathing exercises and I was basically just below normal. She did say that the tests can't account for a bad day of allergies or working out or anything, so I'll probably be prescribed as a low level asthmatic and just an inhaler for those times. Oh yes, the lovely anxiety - how much fun! Is there anything that you can do when that happens?

Nope, sorry to say, there's conflict in your future. It is what it is, you're just going to have to accept it. That sounds pretty fast to me! I'm not sure how quickly I typically read. That old English is tough for native speakers too - we're just not used to it, so you were doing well it sounds like when you were reading those.

Ahhh, gotcha. Don't wanna make things difficult for anyone. It's a shame our schedules don't align a bit better. Oh, if you see me on Discord, I'm around - even though I have mine set to away all the time, just so you know :).

Haha, I think I need a little ribbon or medal or something to wear around now XD. Your handwriting is really good, I mean it! I'll just agree with it being the pens fault that my handwriting is like that of a 5 year old....definitely the pen I'm using. XD

I see your YouTube channel and raise you one of my own that I enjoy about movies: https://www.youtube.com/@Filmento
The dude from that one studies films and stories and talks about what they did wrong or right with pacing and characters and stuff - really interesting stuff. I'll definitely watch some from the one you shared too - I enjoy that kind of stuff! 'As a bonus point just for me, Alan — the one with the beard — cries in almost every episode. Somehow hot. XD' - Ah yeah, it's all coming together now - pleasure from others sadness, mmhmm. :P

You never have to apologize for how ever long it takes you to reply - we're both people with schedules and lives, it's all good :).

I'm very intrigued about this...poem? I think it would be classified as a poem? There's only a few words that aren't redacted. I'm not sure how the Russian language works, surely you're not getting all of that from the few words that are unredacted, right? I'm guessing the redacted parts are the parts in the brackets and the unredacted parts are the words inbetween? a grim secret mutilated phrase. Hmmm, you have me very curious about this....thank you for sharing!
Oh yeah, that was from fighting Sprong....I probably tried him about 20 times in total before I beat him.....that was a long fight.
_Jun 30, 2026_01:51_0.jpeg
_Jun 30, 2026_01:51_0.jpeg
_Jun 30, 2026_01:51_0.jpeg
Kaktysshmanchik
9:36 PM
I’m going to try to find a picture of the most deranged thing we made. We made this huge box with lots of locks and puzzles. We don’t usually go that grand — only when inspiration hits hard. More often, it’s just a box inside a box inside a box.
And no, I don’t think birthdays are usually that complicated in Russia. More often, people buy gifts individually and don’t think too much about it.
But you keep sort of brushing off the fact that you don’t have any local friends, as though it’s nothing. It doesn’t sound like nothing to me.

Yeah, well, that’s family life for you, I suppose. =) No way around it. Well... some people have mastered sitting on the sofa with a beer all day, but that’s a Choice. =)

Mate... you’re wrong. Oh, so wrong...
Pancakes are thin. That’s it. And you wrap things in them or dip them into something. You eat them with your bare hands only. Them’s the rules.
And if you’re going to insist, I’m sorry to say that I don’t think I can do anything about getting you your personal bear. I’m trying my best here!

Ooh, you seem so invested in the game. That’s so awesome! Love your ideas. Yeah, there’s definitely something going on. =)
Mhm... mimes are easy... Yeah... I think I need a moment. You just... keep saying things! Mimes are abominations spawned by the devil himself! After eventually getting through the fight with the first one, I gave all the others a wide berth. They caused me so much pain — I kept fucking up the timing.

No, I don’t usually watch anime. Just from time to time.
Let me think... I watched Fullmetal Alchemist. That was... something. The emotions were too exaggerated, the plot was too pompous, and at times, very simple ideas were presented as The Truth. Hmm... Maybe I just didn’t get it...
I did like Blue Eye Samurai, though. =) So maybe I’m not entirely lost.
Do you watch anime?
Yeah, I did like Cowboy Bebop. It wasn’t a masterpiece, but it was still good. It’s just... at times, the plot felt too haphazard, with everyone all over the place. Not enough structure for me.
What kind of shows do you usually watch?

Yeah, Speed. =) Damn... that was so long ago.
Mm... I think someone once broke into my grandad’s home. Although I didn’t understand half of what was going on back then. =)
Huh... And I thought the US police were like in that show with the bloke from Firefly. XD Yeah... as you might have noticed, I’m brilliant at remembering movies. I like American police movies about good guys fighting bad guys. But I’ve heard people getting angry with them and calling them propaganda. How do you feel about that?

And how exactly are schools trying to turn them? I'm curious.
Once, a colleague just blurted out in a chat that somewhere in the US, they let kids change gender on a whim. I spent ten minutes googling it to prove him wrong. >_< You’d think people would have discovered Google by now.

Hmm... I suppose I could bring my nuke with me... just for the cockroaches. But the American service is already a disappointment.

Ah, come on! People are great! When they’re a blip on the horizon, that is.
I was such a fan of Covid. Well, not Covid itself — all those deaths were horrible, and lots of small businesses were fucked over too. But I loved the enforced distance!

A random song I remembered I wanted to send you: https://youtu.be/eTtwjCh4GLY?is=dLDt1aMuiloT7ZFo I don’t recommend the video itself, though.

Oh yeah, definitely. I have a list.
So. The world is going to be nuked in a week or so. Also, AI will evolve enough to become a real weapon and will be able to shut down everything in any country within a few months. Then the ice caps are going to melt within a year. Earthquakes everywhere — I give it six months. XD
Oh! And the worst one — dogs actually hate us. O_O

Mm... The organisation is actually trying to fight against the government and bring women’s rights back. There’s only one vampire there. Well, at least as far as I know.
But I do like the daughter/innocent one angle. There could be another... I’m not sure whether it would be a good idea to make it a whole organisation, but there could be women who actually like things the way they are.
And when the players become invested in figuring out how to help women, one of them could try to stop them. The players see an oppressed woman, and she can use them... somehow. Or just try to kill them.
You’re fucking great at this. =)

Damn... you really have a lot going on. =) Do your players remember all of that?
Mine have the memory of goldfish. >_<

So, where do you want your players to go next? Or am I going to find that out from the notes? (I'll run through them tomorrow) Meaning, why are they going to go to the Forge of Spells? Is it personal? Did they fall for something Glass-Staff said? Or is it because they’re worried about the Black Spider getting there first and using it somehow?

Okay, the puzzles are great. Looks like I know what I’m going to do tomorrow instead of writing test scenarios. XD Yeah... That's gonna be a busy day!

Oh, well, just below normal sounds okay-ish... I think. Unless that’s not the level you’re used to. We’re not getting any younger... >_<
Funny how people over thirty almost always end up talking about health issues at some point. XD That’s one of the most thrilling topics for me and my friends.
Yeah, I suppose... I can try to force myself to relax. It helps for about two minutes. XD And massage helps too. Although people that actually know what they're doing are a rare and valuable thing.
Dude, that call we had fucked me up thoroughly that way — first thing the next morning I called the woman I usually go to. XD

So. Are you now going to walk around with one of those inhaler thingies that nerdy kids always have in films?
You should get glasses too, then, you know. It won’t work without glasses. Do you wear glasses? -_-

Yeah? Okay. Let’s settle it, then. Who should pay for dinner? The man? The woman? Split it? Any additional conditions?
We could add more genders and specify sexuality too, but that’s the next level. Let’s stick with the simpler version for now.

Yeah, the schedules are ridiculous. We could just ping each other once in a while, whenever one of us has free time. A simple “here” or summat.
I think we could try a voice call sometime when I’m outside, but the mobile internet is funny here. Steam should work just fine, though.

Ooh, your guy has one about Borderlands...
A semi-popular video game franchise??? Semi-popular??? O_o dhrhewofjfhshs!!
But the rest of it... yeah. I can’t disagree. I think they were counting on the fan base. But then why they decided to butcher the characters is still a mystery to me.
This one felt more Borderlands-ish, by the way https://www.imdb.com/title/tt13923084/

Yeah, so. The poem is Eugene Onegin — a very popular Russian classic by Pushkin. And the author... or the artist... well, he blacked out most of it to create a story about modern Russia — war, censorship, and so on.
And the funniest thing is that Pushkin’s original work was censored too when he first tried to publish it. Some of it has been restored in the book through his notes, but some parts are lost.
The most beautiful thing is that the book can still be bought easily, for now. I suppose no one important enough has read it yet. Or understood the idea behind it. I bought six copies to give away))

You’re persistent, it seems. =) I would have given up already. Those numbers are scary too. Three 310 parries...

Here’s a thought. You know what sucks about this whole thing? I can’t use all the memes I know! I bet there are some you can’t use either. Sometimes, I just want to write some phrase, but you won’t get it. >_< The context is completely different.
Are there any local memes or catchphrases that you usually use and have to stop yourself from dropping into the conversation?
You should've seen how we were getting it there... Almost dropped it several times)

Kaktysshmanchik
10:07 PM
_Jun 30, 2026_10:07_0.jpeg

dizzy_face
1
Decided to poke your wound a little bit...
Jul 1
jsammons90
2:43 PM
Wow, that puzzle box was really cool - how long did it take to make?

Really? I didn't realize I came across like I was brushing it off. I do really wish I had friends locally that I could hang out with. I miss those few really close friends that I have. At the same time, I wouldn't have much time to see them if they were close with how busy it is with the kids and everything. I wish life could just pause sometimes and money wasn't an issue to actually spend time with those friends. Like you said, I couldn't really sit there on a sofa with beer in hand while the kids run rampant and desire that closeness and affection. At the same time, it's exhausting trying to help kids learn to manage their emotions and everything. I can't remember if I told you that Maebh is also autistic, level 2 ASD (like aspberger's). She can become very overwhelmed and tired easily with loud noises, people, all of that - enhanced by the issues with her vision. Tadhg....his emotions can be all over the place. Before we head up for bed, he's cuddling and very loving - but as soon as it's time to get into bed, he's screaming and hitting and throwing things every where in a rebellious storm. One can set the other off too like last night. It's not always like that, but it's so exhausting and draining on those days.

Tsk, tsk. And here we were, getting along so well. Real shame that it all falls apart over pancakes.

Haha, I just fought the mime in the monolith with two other enemies - got it on my first shot, but definitely a different experience with two other mobs there. The timings can be so tricky on certain mobs though - there are definitely ones that should be easy that I always fuck up. I'm still making my way through the monolith. Played for a bit and then decided I better get some work done. I know Verso said that he was part of an exhibition team, but I think that's a lie, I'm pretty sure he's always been there. I'm also now thinking that the whole game is just taking place inside of a painting.

Nah, I'm not really into anime. I think it's so slow a lot of the time and a lot of the characters are way too.....silly? Something like that? I remember watching Dragon Ball Z as a kid (loved that back then) and I've seen some of the classics like Ninja Scroll and Akira, but it's definitely not something that I really follow or go out of my way to watch. I don't watch too many shows really, just some big series that seem to catch on with everyone like Breaking Bad, Game of Thrones, Fallout, stuff like that. Joanna and I do watch Married at First Sight when there's a new season of that - something with lots of drama that you can just turn your brain off for.

Haha, did you know that they made a Speed 2 where it was a boat? XD
That's a shame, do you know if much was stolen?
Oh, I'm firmly in the camp of ACAB (All Cops Are Bastards). They are typically power tripping dick heads - I don't like cops in the US. The militarization of the police in the US is just gross too. There's so much wrong with them over there.

I think she said that they were teaching it in classes or something ridiculous like that. Of course, there was no evidence to back up the claims - just bullshit fear mongering. It's wild that some people think that people want to just change their gender willy nilly or something. I hate how people feel like they should have a say in what others want to do with their body - so frustrating. I'm also of the opinion that women should have all of the say in what to do with their pregnancy. I understand the partner not carrying the baby has their feelings, and in a healthy relationship they'll discuss those, but ultimately it's up to the person bearing the child. Sorry, don't know how I'm getting off topic so easily today. XD

Wasn't it great not having to interact with people and everyone was doing it? XD I actually didn't mind that at all. Like you said, it's awful that so many people died, but it did changes things in work with WFH and stuff like that too.

Haha, thanks for sharing that. When I was watching, I actually noticed one of the channels that I like to watch where it's police interrogations where the narrator describes the psychology used in them - have you ever seen any of those? https://www.youtube.com/@JCS/videos

Wow....that's a pretty terrible list of things that will definitely be happening....I think I may just go cry in the fetal position for awhile now.....

Yeah, have the players actually being used and helping the vampire/organization unknowingly....something that will end up being a bit of a gut punch. Haha, thanks - I appreciate that! :D

Surprisingly, they're quite good at remembering a lot of it! I always do a recap of the last session before we start and they all take notes. Kyle definitely helps keep them in line for me. I believe they're going to head to Wave Echo Cave next to progress towards the Forge of Spells (the final location from one of the modules). They were originally hired to help some Dwarven brothers get to the mine before two of them were killed and one was kidnapped. They saved the kidnapped one, but he's already left for the mines with an escort (the party doesn't know yet). I'm going to give the some options with the Forge, but they have also reached out to an organization that is like a union of military forces from all of the cities and stuff which will have an interest in the forge, thinking about how I'll work them into it. Thinking about letting them enchant gear and stuff from the forge, but they need a book to do it easily (otherwise there will be hard checks with chances of failure), but Glass Staff is planning on getting the book and using it as leverage as he is sure that the party will betray him (which they're planning on doing).

Haha, I'm going to bring that puzzle book along with my Steam Deck when I go to the Philippines in a few weeks - great way to pass time on the flights.

Yeahhh...I think that's part of the reason why I'm trying to get back into it all too - it only gets harder to do these things as you get older if you don't try to look after yourself. Maaaaaan I love a good massage. Haven't had one in ages, but they really are the best thing. The last one that I had (last year) wasn't great - I'm dying for a good one. Are you talking about the call that we had where we played Satisfactory? That gave you so much anxiety that you needed to go for a massage after? If so, I had no idea it fucked you up so much - sorry! XD

Nah, just if I'm exercising then I'll carry it with me. And yes, I do wear glasses.....why are you laughing at me over there?! XD

Obviously, the only fair way to figure out who pays is to play for it. Rock, paper, scissors, best out of 3 - let's go!

Yeah, that sounds good. My schedule just got harder due to Maebh being on Summer holidays, so I go and pick her up at 1:20 my time and then she's hanging around the house, usually coming in here and asking me questions while I'm doing stuff XD. When she's in school, it's a lot easier because she's there until 4 due to the after school program.

Huh, I've never heard of that movie - I'll have to check it out. I did hear that the Borderlands movie is a train wreck though. That Filmento channel that I sent you yesterday actually did a video on it. My issue with Borderlands is Randy Pitchford - that guy is a huge POS.

Huh, that's really interesting. I love learning new things like this - thanks for sharing with me. :)

Yeah....I keep trying until I succeed at games like this. Just keep throwing bodies at it until I eventually succeed. I have a lot of patience most of the time.

Hmmm, I know that you did share that one that I wasn't sure about, but I think you would probably get most of the ones that I would share, unless they were specific to Ireland or something like that. I can't think of anything that I don't say due to you not knowing, I think I just assume that you'll either know or look it up for more information because you're a smart person who does indeed know how to find information :).
Also, that picture of your dice.....yeah, all those times I said you were nice, you're not. I'm not jealous at all. Stop saying I'm jealous, because I'm definitely not.
But they are really cool XD
Here's the picture of my suave party that I said I'd share.

Kaktysshmanchik
4:47 PM
It took days to make. O_O And involved four people yelling over one another. =) Hmm... Maybe it would have been faster without the yelling. Also less fun.

Maybe that’s the lack of intonation in written speech doing its thing again)
But yeah, that sounds really hard. So, even if you had a list of places where you could find friends just like that, it wouldn’t help much?
Yes, you mentioned Maebh’s autism, although I didn’t know about level 2 specifically. And I didn’t know how difficult things could be for you with Tadhg. I seriously can’t imagine what it’s like to be that invested in and needed by someone. That’s a lot of pressure, no? On top of the exhaustion.

Okay... I’m trying very hard not to comment on your suspicions about the game. Reeeeeeally hard.

Yeah, I get the thing about silly characters. I’ve never watched the anime you mentioned, though. When I was a kid, Shaman King was a huge deal here. Pokemon too, obviously. Oh! And Jackie Chan Adventures. Have you heard of it?
I usually watch some show during lunch. =) So shorter stuff is my preference, but those shows are rather rare, so I just watch things in parts.
Did you like Fallout? I thought it was great. Although... I don’t remember much of it already. XD

Omg... a boat. Okay. That’s a choice. I think I’ll pass, if it’s all the same to you. =)
Nah, I don’t know. I was... maybe 5? Something like that. I only understood that everyone was panicking.
Mm... that’s a shame. I do love those police shows. Everyone is heroic and doing The Right Thing... Very paladin-like. What do you think abour the police in the US being armed? I mean, people are armed too... I was so surprised to see cops in Happy Valley being armed with...taser gun only. After all those US movies.

Teaching it in classes... That’s... huh. “All right, kids. Today, you’re going to swap clothes. Yes, John, you’re going to have to wear a skirt. Is everyone ready? And remember — your surgery is on Friday.” O_O
Yeah... I don’t understand why anyone cares about what someone else does with their body. Like, did you know that in Russia, you can’t have any kind of sterilisation unless you’re over thirty-five and have two children? O_O The only exception is life-threatening medical issues.
It shows in smaller things too, though. Clothes, tattoos, haircuts, whatever. Do people care much about what other people look like in the US? And something tells me you’re going to say that people in Ireland don’t give a fuck... >_>

Yeah... great times... I also miss people not pressing against me from behind in queues. >_< And oh my, yes! I started working from home back then, and I’m not going back to the office. People are BREATHING there, Jonathan... That’s horrible!

Wow... The channel you shared is genuinely terrifying. Very unsettling. No, I don’t usually watch stuff like that. =)

Crying won’t help. You need a bunker. I think I would have been one of those people if I owned a house — I downloaded 300 GB of e-books when the censorship started here, so...

Okay. You shared your ideas, so I’m going to share mine.
I have a few about Kyle’s quest... You mentioned that you didn’t have a personal quest for him. I went through your notes and had a bunch of ideas.
What if someone finds out that he killed his brother? Or he thinks someone has found out? Yeah, the second option.
Say he thinks he has learned to predict the future. Using an artefact, maybe? No... That’s too controllable. Maybe something or someone they came into contact with could have affected him? His divination could be real, or it could be fake.
Say it’s fake. A few times in a row, he predicts the future in small and deniable ways. The same as in real life — just cognitive distortion. He sees a battle in his dreams, and then the battle happens. Then he starts having a recurring dream about someone revealing his secret. It could be an NPC... or a PC.
It could also be fake but induced by something. A curse? An illness? Same idea.
If it’s real, he could learn to control it. Ooh! That could make it worse! Controllable or not, either way... Have you read The Name of the Wind by Rothfuss? There’s a tree that tells you your future. It’s actually evil — its powers allow it to know everything. It tells you the future so that you act in a way that turns it into a self-fulfilling prophecy. Same here. He sees a future where someone finds out his secret, and everything he does leads him directly towards it. It would be difficult to pull off, though. You’d have to be very flexible.
Or someone could be messing with his head, dragging random shit to the surface that looks like prophecy.
How long has he had the guitar? If he hasn’t had it for very long, that could be the cause. Either a curse or simply another feature.
If he tries fishing somewhere he shouldn’t, some creature could affect him as punishment. Or it could be some fucked-up fish.
It could be a ticking bomb too, with symptoms. First, his skin starts itching — nothing too bad. Then rashes appear here and there while they don’t have access to doctors or advanced magic. There could be bonuses too. The effects from stages one to three would stack:
0. The itching is distracting: –1 to attack rolls, but he stays alert at all times... or something. There should be some bonus. Maybe –1 to attack rolls is too harsh, though... Anyhow, this effect should stop at some point.
1. Bumps appear beneath his skin. He can automatically sense magic when he is close to its source, like the Detect Magic spell but at close range.
2. Eyes open all over his body. He gets a penalty to Diplomacy because it looks gross, but he can’t be surrounded. Maybe he could also get a bonus to Intimidation?
3. The eyes talk to him in his sleep — and there’s our fortune-telling power.
Each stage makes it more difficult to cure too.

Ooh, the Philippines sounds great! Have you ever been there before, or will this be your first time?

See? We old people understand! I was so lucky to find this lovely woman close to me — she absolutely murders me on her table and leaves me feeling great for a month or so. Unless some foreigner ruins it during a single gaming session. >_> Yeah... Putin is right. You all want to destroy us, one voice call at a time.
That wasn’t your fault, so none of that apologising nonsense! I’m sure I’ll be fine next time. Ish. XD

Why would I laugh? I wear glasses myself. =) I gave up pretending I didn’t need them about 5 years ago, when yet another person confronted me because I had apparently been rude by not noticing them. Glasses are for the cool kids anyway.

Rock, paper, scissors? Seriously? That’s cheating. You’ll never be able to win an argument on Twitter that way.

Oh, is Maebh in her “Why is the sky blue?” era and all that? Has she already asked why a plastic bag makes that sound? I asked my dad that once, and he said it was breaking a little and screaming in pain. XD Maybe don’t take that as parenting advice...

“POS”... That took me a while, but I got there. =) In my world, POS means Point of Sale.
Yeah, I remembered the Borderlands film because of Filmento.

“I have a lot of patience most of the time.” Good for you, seriously. I don’t have any patience at all. I’m genuinely surprised that I’ve never broken a keyboard or mouse.
Although “most of the time” implies that it isn’t all the time... =)

“You’re a smart person.” I read that and brushed everything else aside as white noise. Straight to the important bits.
It is funny, though — sometimes you write things that I have to Google. Rarely, but still. The moment I loved most was when you sent me a YouTube link for the first time. You simply assumed that I could open it, and that felt so wild! I mean, YouTube is blocked here. =) I realise that most people from normal countries don’t know that, but it still feels strange to see proof of it.

Yeah, I’m evil, I know. That’s my best feature. It helps me get through the day too. I’ll probably send you a video someday to show off how the dice roll and the sound they make on the table...

Okay, your party looks posh. =)

Ooh, by the way! Not “by the way” at all, actually.
I gave a lecture at work today! O_O About how AI could help us QA engineers do our jobs.
It was terrifying. A few days ago, my stream lead said that only our QAs would be there — people I know more or less. About 20. She nagged and nagged until I finally gave in.
So I got my shit together and prepared a presentation, prompts I could demonstrate live, real use cases, and all that.
And today, I joined the meeting and... saw more than 50 people there!
I started talking, demonstrating things, and stuttering like a dimwit. Then, just as it was starting to get better, some bloke began asking questions... >_<
“Why would you write an SQL query with AI? It’s faster if you do it yourself.” No, it isn’t.
“Why do you expect the model to give you a full Postman collection covered with tests when you could just make the collection yourself and ask it to write the tests?” The fuck?
“Why are you saying our AI model is shit compared with the popular ones? It isn’t.” It is, and I showed examples.
And so on.
Fucking hell. I thought I was going to die there. It went on and on until an analyst I know politely told him to shut the fuck up.
On the bright side, after that shitshow, my DMs were flooded with thank-yous and comments about what a bellend that bloke was. Apparently, he’s some analyst I’ve never worked with, thankfully.
And then... someone showed me a screenshot. My stream lead had posted a link to the recording of my lecture... to the entire company. >_<

So... And how is your day treating you?)
There's a void under my desk. Shh...

jsammons90
7:04 PM
Wow, that's crazy - you guys did a great job!

Ahhh, sorry - I should have realized XD
Unfortunately so, I think. I feel like they would probably have to bend to my schedule, which wouldn't be fair, but I get very little down-time. That's why I love getting to play games at work - if I didn't have that, I think I would probably go crazy.

It's so much pressure. Tadhg doesn't like to play by himself either - it's like he has to be hanging off of you constantly (sometimes literally), which makes it tough to get things done. You lose so much privacy with kids - trying to escape to the bathroom for 5 minutes to yourself can be a challenge at times. I actually look forward to the work week for a bit of breathing room, as awful as that sounds.

Hahaha, I feel like my mind is in the right place....I believe I'm about to be at the end of act 2 - I'm in the Monolith and just went through the forgotten battlefield area in there and found a door to the manor that I saved at. I'm also thinking that Verso's name may actually be Simon....I had to jump off of it to pick Maebh up from summer camp and I've been busy with getting things done in work too. Can't wait to pick it back up again.

Huh, I've never heard of Shaman King (I knew about Cowboy Bebop and Full Metal Alchemist) and I was really into Pokemon as a kid. I remember Jackie Chan Adventures from when I was a kid too! I didn't really watch it, but I was aware of its existence. I used to watch shows like that during my lunch too, but lately I've just defaulted to a YouTube video that interests me while I quickly eat. I really like the first season of Fallout, I'm on episode 5 of season 2 I think and it's just not clicking for me like the first one did....I feel like the writing isn't as good or something. I also don't like how the Brotherhood of Steel is portrayed like a bunch of neanderthals - just doesn't make sense to me.

Haha, yeah - Sandra Bullock was in that one too, but Keanu Reeves didn't return for it. I've never actually seen that one, but I assume it's a terrible movie. Speaking of which, do you ever watch terrible movies while having a few drinks? An old friend and I used to do that together, it was so much fun. Actually, do you drink? I mean, besides the vodka that courses through your Russian veins that is? :D

Yeahhh, you just kinda get used to everyone having guns in the US and don't think about it. At least, I didn't until I had moved to Ireland and went back to visit and the thought occurred to me. I did have the cops pull a gun on me before though. My older sister, Brooke, and Bill were out drinking and asked me to come pick them up in Brookes' car. I may have been speeding just slightly going through the town and got pulled over by the cops. I was looking for the vehicle registration for the cops, opened the glove compartment, and out falls a gun onto the floor of the car. Next thing I know, both cops have their guns pointed at me yelling at me to get my hands on the steering wheel. Fortunately, they weren't trigger happy. I just explained that it was my sisters car and that I didn't realize that it was in there and apologized.

“All right, kids. Today, you’re going to swap clothes. Yes, John, you’re going to have to wear a skirt. Is everyone ready? And remember — your surgery is on Friday.” XD That had me laughing. It's also probably exactly what my mother thinks is going on in schools these days, judging by the way she talks.
Wow....that's pretty crazy. The government must be really concerned about keeping the population growing. When you say that it shows in smaller things too - do you mean that there are certain restrictions in those areas? Well, in the south, you'll definitely get looks if you dress more alternatively and stuff, but it's not too uncommon. And you're right, in Ireland, it's just pretty normal XD

Haha, your office comment just made me think about one of my favorite movies - have you ever seen Office Space? https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0151804/
That's one of my favorites. Also, The Big Lebowski if you've never seen it. https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0118715/?ref_=nv_sr_srsg_0_tt_7_nm_1_in_0_q_the%20big%20lebowski

Let me know if you watch any of the videos from that channel, I find them fascinating!

Shit....guess I better start digging then....

Oooo, thank you for sharing those ideas - they're fantastic! I actually had forgotten about his brothers and his secret...I do need to do something with that. I think trying to fuck with him mentally would be a lot of fun - thank you for all of that feedback! :D

Nope, this will be my first time! I've been to Japan, but that was 20 years ago. I have to go to the Philippines for work for two weeks, but it should be cool - I'm looking forward to it. There's a new team that will be starting and I'm going over to make sure they know what to do essentially. The weird part will be that I will have to work during the night there for them, because they support US customers. So I'll start work at around 8 or 9 pm and then work until like 6 am or something like that.

Those pesky foreigners, always trying to make people tense! I'm sure the tenseness is just a side effect of the gay gun that I've obviously been firing at you through that one voice call. Should've listened to Putin!

Nerdy people unite! Did you just not wear them before or did you have contacts? I've been wearing mine since I was a teenager. Also, what an entitled person to feel like they needed to be noticed? I just realized that I actually don't know what you look like. Kinda weird to talk to someone so much and never seeing them.

Well, of course I wouldn't win that argument on Twitter, they wouldn't be able to see my hands! :P Also, interesting that you call it Twitter and not X (so fucking stupid) - I do the same thing.

She's been in her question everything phase for years XD. I always try to explain things as best as I can for her - I've always heard that if you tell kids 'just because' or just 'I don't know' when they ask questions, then they'll lose that curiosity. Wow...that's definitely a way to describe the noise a bag makes! XD

Oh yeah, I know Point of Sale as well....I think I usually use it as Piece of Shit though, so my mind defaults to that XD

Haha, yeah, I'm pretty patient except when I'm trying to get Tadhg sorted for bed or dressed in the morning or something and he keeps running away or something like that. I guess I get annoyed quickly at those little things, but I try to keep my cool as much as possible! Although, my patience means that I'm always the one to assemble furniture or spend time figuring out what's wrong with something - Joanna has no patience at all for most things, but is very patient with the kids.

Oh yeah, there's definitely things that I just assume, like that with YouTube. I never really thought about things being restricted in other countries like that for people since I'm not impacted by it. I guess it's like most things in life, it's all relative. Kyle actually jokes that he had a busy day because he woke up late and cut the grass or something, when he knows that I've been busy with the kids, but I always tell him that he's entitled to be busy and tired too - it's not like a competition to see who's more tired, it's all relative.

You monster....you wouldn't dare.....

Oh, woah - how totally, so cool of your team lead to let you know exactly how many people were going to be at this talk! Well done - that's not easy to do :) How many massages have you booked in now?

That dude was an ass though - I'm glad that people reached out afterwards and told you how well you did, that was really nice. I used to have to do these 'API Office Hours' where I showed off the Docusign API and talked about our SDK's and stuff - I absolutely hated. I probably did it 8 times or so, but I always got so nervous before hand. They were potential customers and stuff. Fortunately, they couldn't speak, only type, and there would be someone monitoring that to answer questions, but I always got nervous about it.

I've been really busy updating documentation for most of the day. We have a whole Policies and Procedures section that we were building documentation for in preparation for this new team that I'm flying out to help. What my boss didn't tell me, or failed to accurately emphasize, is that our work will actually be used to update the Policies and Procedures for the company for these sections, not just little articles specifically for this new team. Because of that, I've been having to go back and amend and update all of these documents to fit a particular format and add in information that wasn't relevant to this team, so that it's there for others. Pain in the ass.

Awwww, that's so adorable. Which one is that? I'm definitely not rubbing my screen......
Kaktysshmanchik
9:03 PM
Well, I think friends are supposed to bend to each other’s schedules. Wouldn’t you? It makes things harder, sure, but it’s not like people are doing it for nothing. If they’re not willing to make adjustments to include you, they’re not very good friends.
It’s hard at our age, sure. Even I sometimes have trouble seeing my friends — and my life is rather chill compared to yours. And people adjust. So do I.
Hm... I might sound angry... Because I am. I don’t know exactly what you meant, but it sounds as though you think you’re not worth other people being flexible for. That’s bullshit.
Fuck... Ignore that.

I don’t think it sounds awful. It sounds perfectly normal to me.
Obviously, it’s not the same, but still... That retriever of mine is such a ray of fucking sunshine... He’s always up for anything: please, look at me, no, here! human! hey! heeeey!!!!
And I’m a couch potato. Sometimes I just send him to a dog sitter for a day so I can catch my breath. Otherwise, it’s constant poking and prodding.
But at least I can whine about it... I suppose it’s frowned upon for parents to be tired of their children. As if that never happens to anyone. Uh-huh, sure.

Gods, I can’t wait for you to finish the game!!! XD

*gasps dramatically.* You don’t know of Shaman King??? That lad was the crush of my entire class. I don’t remember the plot, though. XD
Shh... Don’t spoil Fallout for me. I’ve only seen the first season.
But do you like the Fallout games? I once tried to play the first one. Gods, it was so difficult! XD But I did love... er... the one before 76... >_>

Yeah, I sometimes watch something terrible on purpose. =) Mostly with friends, because doing that alone feels like masochism.
I rarely drink. Except for vodka, yeah, you got me there. Maybe some liqueur from time to time. I know a place where they make one that tastes exactly like my favourite ice cream. ^_^
And what do American-Irish men drink? =)

Fucking hell... That sounds so scary! Shit... I would have passed out right there, I’m sure.
Have you ever owned a gun? Do you know how to use one?
Damn... This is wild. You should have seen my face while I was reading that part...
I’ve never even been close to a weapon. Well... except for my dad’s revolver. You know, one of those thingies with... thingies... and compressed air. Yeah, you can see now that I’m a gun expert.

It’s not like there are actual rules... But you’ll get looks if you look “wrong.” Some places are genuinely dangerous if a man looks “gay.”
Churches can be dangerous too. You might accidentally break the law protecting the feelings of believers — yes, there is such a law — if you’re dressed wrong.
And other things have their own expectations too. A woman should get married as soon as she can, stuff like that.
Ah, that reminds me: you’re talking to a real criminal here. There’s a law against propaganda of the childfree ideology. And every time someone asks why I don’t have children, if I answer, I’m breaking the law. =)
And I gave out quite a number of books with LGBTQ+ characters. So... I'm very dangerous.
I love how boring Ireland is in that way — you’ve never told me anything particularly crazy about it.
That reminds me of a quote from a Pratchett book: “There is a curse. They say: May you live in interesting times.” Yeah, boring is underrated.

No, I haven’t seen Office Space. Added it to the watch list. =)
Yeah, The Big Lebowski was awesome. =) It’s quite popular here. Or it was... I’m not sure anymore. =) At least everyone knows that quote: “That’s a great plan, Walter. That’s fucking ingenious, if I understand it correctly. It’s a Swiss fucking watch.”

My pleasure. Please tell me what you eventually decide to do. I’m invested now in exactly how Kyle is going to suffer. =)

Ooh, that’s going to fuck up your sleep. Doesn’t sound like too much fun. Still... the whole travelling part sounds nice anyway. Kind of an adventure.
Are you going to boss people around? =)

Did you ever get into trouble for wearing glasses at school? Or did your size help with that too? =)
Before I got my first glasses, I was just kind of adjusting. Sports where you have a chance of being kicked in the head don’t work too well with glasses. =) And my eyesight isn’t too bad. Only –3. Er... I hope eyesight measurements are the same everywhere. XD
It is weird. =) You did send that picture, but it doesn’t count — it was old, and I have a short memory.
But I’ve more or less got used to it. Actually, today, one of my colleagues whom I’ve been working with for years finally put up a photo in his profile. Like... he has a face, Jonathan!! A real face! O_O

Yeah, the X thing is so stupid. Most people I know still call it Twitter.
We have similar things with McDonald’s, Leroy Merlin, and so on. They were bought by Russian businessmen and renamed, but everyone still calls them by their old names.

What are the strangest questions your kids have asked? Something you had to Google really hard to figure out. =)

See? Women are always less patient. That’s because we have to put up with men. XD

Well, I like those little bits of proof that life outside Russia is different. It’s nice to know there’s sanity somewhere.

“How many massages have you booked in now?”
XD
That’s exactly what I did after that shitshow — I’m going on Saturday.

Were those API Office Hours something like a sales pitch or something?
How come you don’t do them anymore?
Not letting the audience speak was a nice touch, though. =)

Oh... that sucks... So you basically had to do the work twice?
I hate it when people can’t explain clearly what actually needs to be done. >_<
Did you at least finish it?

That’s Jargie — the flat-coated bastard. I took the picture because it’s rare to see him like that: asleep. XD
Kaktysshmanchik
10:02 PM
Well, Reddit finally gave me the authentic 2010 internet experience: I got my first unsolicited dick pic here. Getting one out of nowhere is still gross as fuck, but it also made me feel young again. XD Yay, I guess.
And here I thought that tradition already died
Jul 2
jsammons90
1:57 PM
Yeah, I know what you mean...I don't like inconveniencing people though. And I know, you're going to say that if they're a friend, then it's not an inconvenience, but I still feel that way if people are having to shuffle stuff around for me when I can't readily do it for them.

I've just always been like that, put myself after others, try and help or look after them first. I guess my patience helps with that - I feel like it build resilience in myself or something...I dunno, I'm probably just weird. XD

Is that you being angry on my behalf, Kathy? I thought Russian's weren't supposed to be kind like that? :)

Haha, that's so sweet - he sounds like such a lovely dog. But yeah, sometimes you just need space and time for yourself, whether it's dogs or kids. Any other parents that I talk to seem to all agree that they need breaks from their kids from time to time. Funny enough, after you're away for a few hours, you start to think about them and miss them, despite how much you just want a bit of breathing room.

Dude (dudette?), I was just fighting the paintress and Joanna came home sick to work from home while I was in the middle of the battle -_-. I just wanted to fight her and see what happens next!!! I don't play games when she's here - she has a different view of work and stuff that I do and would be annoyed if she knew I was playing games....

Oh wow, that must have been big there then! I'll have to look it up and see what it's all about then. Ahhh, gotcha - won't say anything then! Do you mean the very first one from the 90s? Yeah, those old ones are hard to play now....I started with Fallout 3 and that's when I fell in love with the series. I played New Vegas and Fallout 4 as well, but didn't touch Fallout 76 because it was a huge, greedy mess when it came out.

Oh yeah, you HAVE to do it with friends so you can sit there and crack jokes - otherwise it's just torture. Also, I had to laugh about the stereotype of vodka XD

Oooo, that sounds nice! I once had chocolate flavored and peanut butter flavored vodkas mixed together...way too much of it, I was so sick the next day. Don't think I've drank vodka since then! I'll drink mostly anything besides light beers/lagers. I prefer IPA's and stuff like that with really hoppy tastes though. I don't drink too often, maybe 1 beer at the weekend or something like that, but not every week either.

It was definitely a surreal experience. I've never owned a gun myself, but I do remember we had a gun cabinet in the living room when I was a kid. Just found a picture of it the other day actually, I'll have to send it to you. I have shot a few different guns though and I feel like I could operate most. That one game that I really enjoy, Escape from Tarkov, is really in depth where you can fully disassemble and reassemble guns, all of which are models of real guns.

You're obviously a gun AND car expert, I bow to your immense knowledge - please accept my humble begging and offer me mercy!

That actually kinda sounds like the south - definitely looks and glares if you're different. But that's crazy about an actual law about being dressed wrong. Did those expectations have anything to do with when you got married? With your stance on kids and stuff, I would guess not, but just curious. Woah, I don't know if I can be seen chatting to you anymore....I fear it's not safe. You may.....radicalize me! I've definitely heard that quote before, I just wish it was true for the whole world, not just Ireland!

Hmmmm....Ireland is pretty chill, as you know, but there used to be a lot of bombings and stuff by the IRA (Irish Republican Army) and the UK sympathizers in the north. Things finally cooled down back in the 90s, but it was really bad for a long time. They called it The Troubles: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Troubles

Ahhh, I wish I could sit down and watch Office Space with you! Such a great 90's movie. I love that The Big Lebowski is popular over there too. :)

I actually need to put some time in today/tomorrow with planning their next session on Saturday. I think I may have Gundren (the dwarf) with his escort (Sildar) head off towards Wave Echo Cave where the Forge of Spells is along with Halia, zhentarim agents, and glass staff. Gundren is keen to get there to see if he can find his brothers (he doesn't know if they're dead or alive) and that's his motivation to go without the party. Still need to think more on Kyle's suffering too XD

Oh yeah, I'm really excited about traveling over there and seeing their culture and stuff. They cater to everything over there and I get to stay in a posh hotel and everything all for free, so it'll be nice. I'm adaptable too, so I won't mind working at night. Boss is such a strong word....encourage? Correct? Assimilate? Maybe those instead ;)

Haha, nah, nobody ever messed with me fortunately. Oh yeah, that's a good point....I know that they make special glasses for sports now, like goggles, but they do look a bit silly....ummm, I actually no idea what the -3 is XD When I first saw it, I imagined you rolling like a perception check in real life with a -3 modifier, that's where my mind went...XD

Fair enough! I'll have to send you another picture showing what 15/16 years, kids, and a world falling apart makes a guy look like! XD

Well...how can you be sure it's him though? Hmmm? Maybe it's all a ruse! You'd never know!

Hmmm, there have definitely been questions that they've asked that I wasn't sure of the answer of and had to Google. One that I can remember was where does the wind come from? I never really thought about it, but it did make sense when I looked it up (just hot and cold air moving around). Can't think of any others off-hand....I'll have to start writing them down!

And ye should consider yourselves lucky >.> :D

Too funny! Enjoy your massage on Saturday :)

Hmmm, kinda I guess? It was really targeted at developers checking out what our API's and SDK's could do. I would talk about them, authentication, and show examples from our C# SDK and walk through the code a bit to show how different things worked. I had to do them when I was in my last position on the Developer Support Team, but I moved into my current role (Subject Matter Expert) last November.

Yeahhhh, it was a balls, but I've finished it for now! Spent a lot of time yesterday doing it. My boss can be a bit manic when there's a lot going on, but she's really kind and easy to talk to most of the time :)

Uhhh, well, did you see what you were wearing, Kathy? You were asking for that dick pic obviously! *insert next ridiculous excuse to blame women for men acting like animals*

Did the dude just open up with that or had you been chatting a bit?
jsammons90
2:09 PM
_Jul 2, 2026_12:09_0.jpeg
I hate pictures of myself, don't judge me XD
Kaktysshmanchik
5:49 PM
I’m not kind. >_> Don’t ruin my reputation.
It’s just that I get it, in a way. I mean, I don’t have friends I really, properly like. Yeah, there’s this group I hang out with, and we’re quite close, but then they say some bigoted shit — and I just blow up and hate them for weeks.
The part I hate most is that I know one of them and my husband agree with me. It wouldn’t be nearly as bad if someone agreed with me out loud for once. But nooooo. Who wants to create conflict? Let’s keep things peaceful. >_< So they just sort of wait until I get tired of yelling. That silence feels the loneliest.
The point is that I understand what it’s like to feel lonely for years. And I hate it when people put the full weight of the blame on themselves.

Really? Ireland allows parents to... be tired of their children??? Mad country... The more you tell me, the more I think it’s some kind of cult.
Here, you’re not allowed to be tired. You can be hungry, sleep-deprived, and look like shit — but you’d better fucking beam at all times.

Hah! Sucks to be you. :-P
Is the anticipation killing you? Oooh... right after the fight... damn... there’s that thing! And then another thing... And when they go to... O_O
Hmm... I might play something right now... What to choose, what to choose...

Yeah, I meant the very first Fallout — where you start with a quest to sort out the water supply. I mean, I kept dying over and over, trying to make sense of what was going on, and then... they told me the people in my shelter had died of thirst or something. Wonderful...
People seem to love New Vegas the most. Are you one of them?

Oof... I don’t understand beer at all. It’s bitter! >~<
My drink should contain enough sugar to give me diabetes if I so much as look at it. And then I get absolutely drunk after 100g... XD

Ooh! A game about Russia. XD
What do you like about it?
I don’t like overly realistic war games much, though. I don’t know... They’re depressing. I’ve only played Medal of Honor a million years ago. And Spec Ops: The Line — that one was so fucked up! O_O I absolutely loved it and would never play it again. =)
I don’t know why, but that reminds me... Have you played Binary Domain? I loved the voice controls. It didn’t understand my accent half the time, but it was still so much fun. =) I love interesting mechanics like that in games. ^_^

There’s no actual law against dressing incorrectly. It’s just a very vague law that supposedly protects feelings... I don’t know how to translate it properly, so, Google Translate, give me your power! Swoosh! “The law against insulting religious feelings.” It covers basically anything. It started with Pussy Riot — women dancing in a church. Then it got worse, as these things tend to.
Oh, expectations don’t disappear once someone gets married. When are you having children? The second? The third? Stay at home, glued to each other’s hips! No gaming — you’re an adult, for fuck’s sake!
But I suspect that sort of thing is fairly universal. Hmm... Don’t you dare tell me Ireland isn’t like that. >_>

Ah, so colonialism made so many people happy and friendly once again. Nice. But I didn’t realise some of it was so recent...

We could try to arrange to watch it together sometime. We’re so good at making plans! XD
I’m not sure how it would work, though. But it seems that people manage to watch things together while sitting on opposite sides of the sea. =)

Your campaign is much more complicated than mine. =) I tried running an entire module once — six books in total. It was horrible! Even I kept forgetting who was who. And my players... yeah, it was really difficult for them to keep track of everything. From the very beginning, there was this villain called Lowls. They were supposed to hunt him down at the end. And after a year, I was like, “You see Lowls’s ship,” and they were like, “Who?” XD
Do you keep everything in Google Docs and Roll20?

“To stay in a posh hotel and everything, all for free,” followed by, “I’m adaptable too.” Uh-huh... Yeah, I see. =) I do hope it won’t be too difficult for you to adapt to a posh hotel. Ah... poor man. =(
“Encourage.” Sure. Love that word. I’m going to use it when describing what I do to my team here.

Yeah! Exactly like a Perception check! XD I’ve never thought about it that way. I absolutely love the analogy.
I have myopia: –3 dioptres. I had to Google the word. XD It’s not as bad as it could be, but things are still better with glasses. And I’ve stopped trying to plaster my face against the screen — that’s nice too. =)

Fuck... I can’t be sure it’s him. >_> AI is everywhere these days. And I use an AI-generated picture at work myself.
Actually, my colleague chided me for that yesterday. She said, “Why do you use an AI picture? You look okay-ish.” XD Sure. That’s exactly what I was aiming for!

Yeah, I would have struggled to explain wind too. The first thing that came to mind was pressure. But what it actually does — no clue. XD
Do write those questions down! I bet it would be fun for them to read when they’re older. Can you imagine reading all the things you used to torture your parents with?

Hmm... Since we’ve circled back to childhood stuff... What’s your favourite dinosaur? Don’t tell me you don’t have one. >_>

Ah, so the “Expert” part is actually in your job title? Fancy. And here I am — Senior QA Engineer. Senior! >_< Feels ancient. At least it doesn’t sound quite as bad in Russian.
Although I do get to have the title Dungeon Mistress. That sounds far cooler than whatever you have going on — Dungeon Master. Pff!

Oh, you actually have a nice boss? That’s great! Have you always been that lucky?
I definitely have. My first QA lead was wonderful — she taught me so much! Then I had a few more, and they were perfectly lovely.
The current one is a bit haphazard, but these are difficult times in the company. I suppose she’s doing the best she can.
I wonder what my team thinks of me. XD It used to be a small team, and they fought every suggestion I made about processes and regulations. Then, recently, we were moved to different teams.
Two of them came with me to the new one, and now they hate the way the new team works. They keep remembering the good old days, when everything was simple and easy. Well, at least I have allies now when the new team doesn’t want to do things properly. And another one became a lead in a different team. The day after that happened, she asked me to send her all the documentation for the processes I’d built. XD

Oh, that was properly strange. We chatted about nothing for a few messages, and then he suddenly became weird. So yeah, I *politely* said I was leaving, wished the bloke good luck and all that. He unloaded a load of bile into my DMs — and sent a dick pic. XD I don’t know what that was. I suppose he thought of it as some kind of punishment.

Oh, I’m judging. You look nice. Cute, actually. =)
I do understand hating photos of yourself, though. I hate mine too! Especially selfies — they always look wrong somehow. >_<
Also... glasses squad! =)
_Jul 2, 2026_05:50_0.jpeg
jsammons90
8:09 PM
Ah yes, sorry - didn't mean to diminish your street cred. You're very mean, I promise ;).

Not feeling like someone has your back is tough, especially when you expect them to be there for you and you know they agree with what you're saying. How can anyone expect perceptions and thoughts to change if they don't challenge people when they say bigoted things? 'That silence feels the loneliest.' - that makes me sad and just wish I could give you a hug. I know what you mean though. I didn't realize that that is how you feel about your group of friends. I actually kinda wondered why you were looking for friends on Reddit after we were chatting for a bit and it sounded like you had a good group of people around you. Not saying that you can't always find more friends, but do you think that it was to try and find more like-minded people since it sounds like a lot of those around you don't have the same views?

Also, I was curious how your husband feels about all of our chatting? I know I mentioned that I made a new friend on Reddit to Joanna and she just made a kinda joke about it, but I think she was also a little taken aback that I was chatting with a woman. She's said in the past that she doesn't have a problem with me or other guys having female friends - I've had female friends in work, but I got the impression that she actually felt a bit threatened. She asked once or twice since then if we had chatted and I just told her yeah that we were still chatting about Russia and the US/Ireland and the world and stuff, but that was it. I think last week was the last time she asked.

Yup, they're really progressive like that here! Wait....did you not get the pamphlet about the cult requirements when living here? We all have to wear green and dye our hair red (if it's not naturally red). Oh, how generous of everyone to be so accepting of such different states of being there, once you're not tired!

Ya know how I was calling you mean yesterday? Yeah, you're still mean. Meanie. I JUST WANT TO KNOW WHAT HAPPENS! XD

I think I actually have the first two Fallout games on Steam as well. I tried to play them, but I just couldn't get into them. I know that they were amazing back when they came out, but games have moved on so much since then, it was hard to get over that barrier. I enjoyed New Vegas, played it a lot back when it came out, but I think that the thing that people really loved about New Vegas was some of the DLC. I never actually played those, but I have them on Steam....really should give that a try again sometime....Fallout 4 was definitely the one I played most though - really enjoyed that one :) What did you think of the base building stuff in that one?

Hahaha, I love your description of your ideal drink. I dunno - there's something about that strong, hoppy taste that grew on me. I actually made beer before too! That was interesting, but it turned out well! I do enjoy mixed drinks too though - strawberry daiquiri is delicious! When was the last time that you were really drunk? It's been a long time for me, couldn't tell you exactly when.

Yep! I'm actually not sure if Tarkov is a real place or not, but you choose one of two factions for your character, USEC or BEAR. USEC is a US based PMC and BEAR is a Russian based PMC. When you load into a map, there are also scavs which are aggressive scavengers - so I've heard lots of Russian from them walking around mumbling things. The thing I like about the game is the in-depth customization of the guns, but also the shooting feels really good too. Enemies typically aren't bullet sponges (some of the bosses can take a good bit of damage, but not like some games), so if you shoot someone in the head, they die. It's also in-depth with the different types of ammo that you bring in. I think the thing that really pulled me in as well was the high-risk, high-reward system. You bring in your gear, whatever guns, ammo, armor, etc. that you want and then if you die, you lose it. The object is to get in, get stuff done, and then get out without dying. It would get the adrenaline pumping back when I first started playing, but I've played it so much that that feeling kinda faded. Also, back when I played the PvP version (before there was a PvE version), that feeling of taking on a group of other people and winning felt great.

I remember the old Medal of Honor games! I've also heard of Spec Ops: The Line and the great twist that it had, but I heard it did show the grim realities of war. Hm, I've never heard of Binary Domain - it sounds interesting though. Reminds me of SOCOM: Navy Seals on the PS2 - the game came with a headset that you would use to issue commands to your NPC party members. Actually, this topic makes me think - have you ever messed around with VR? I tried it at a friends house in the States years ago when I was visiting and it was so much fun. When Kyle and I went to Amsterdam last year for the Nine Inch Nails concert, we went to a VR place one day for a couple of hours and it was a blast. I'll have you know that I got 3rd place on the leader board for the month :) I was just trying to find a picture of the leader board and couldn't find it, BUT - even better, found recap videos of myself and Kyle doing it! XD https://zerolatencyvr.com/en/game-results?id=1248351&pguid=096c4aee-3c5c-4562-6fb5-08ddb3e771f6&utm_campaign=website&utm_content=transactional&utm_medium=email&utm_source=portal

Hopefully that link works for you, let me know if it doesn't and I'll see if I can get them another way :)

Oh, there's definitely expectations like that here too. I think it's just in peoples nature to assume that everyone wants to pop babies out - it's like a lot of people can't fathom the fact that some people don't want to have kids. The whole thing with video games too - a lot of people just don't understand them and think they're for kids. It took Joanna a long time to accept that gaming is something that I do and it helps keep me sane. She still doesn't REALLY get it - she thinks that 3 or 4 hours on a Friday night is plenty >.>

Yeah, there's still tensions in Northern Ireland too. If you go up there, police still have heavily armored vehicles to protect from bomb blasts and there's still walls separating protestants from Catholics....good 'ole religion!

Six books?! I don't think I could handle that much...I've taken two books for mine and merged the campaigns together, but added and changed a lot of stuff too to try and merge them. It's a lot to keep track of, but I think the players enjoy all of the moving parts and how a choice can have ripple effects around them with other groups and people. The Lost Mines of Phandelver has issues like that as well with the BBEG from it - the Black Spider. In the module, he's not really mentioned much or anything like that, the party just run into him in Wave Echo Cave. I've tried sprinkling it in more so they don't forget XD. Yep, everything is contained in Google Docs and Roll20 - I don't think I could manage much beyond that!

As for watching it together, that would be so much fun! Joanna and I actually used to do that when I was in the US and she was in Ireland. We're obviously the best at making plans and arrangements, look at all the games that we've played together XD Huh....I wonder if you'd be able to access my Plex server and we could watch it at the same time from there.....interesting....

Yeah....it's going to be really tough...I don't know how I will survive - just barely I would assume. Poor me! XD Here's the hotel if you're curious: https://www.marcopolohotels.com/en/marco-polo-ortigas-manila

Nice! I'm happy that I can be a positive influence on you and your disciplinary - I mean - "looking after" your team there!

I had to look-up myopia and then learned that it's 'short-sightedness' and it made a lot more sense! That's what I have too - things are blurry far away, but I feel that I see my screen a lot better too. I'm the same - I can get by without my glasses, but I have to squint at things a lot and it gets tiring after awhile.

Kathy....I have a confession....I....am AI! *queue dramatic reveal music* (this is the part where you gasp and feint). Wow, what a terrible comment to make to someone! XD What did you say to her or were you just too stunned by what she said to reply? I wouldn't know what to say to that.

Yup! That's pretty much it - pressure from the cold and hot air. I really should write these down....you may just get me into journaling :)

Huh....when I was a kid, my favorite was the velociraptor, obviously. But, that was before people were really aware or it was common knowledge that dinosaurs had feathers - now they just look like giant chickens in artists interpretations! What was yours? While we're on the subject, favorite animal? I find the mimic octopus fascinating!

Indeed - I need everyone to know that I know more than they do :). I think it's a silly title really though. In regards to your seniority - are you the oldest on your team or do you have older team members? You can probably see where I'm going with this....unless the dementia is kicking in again :) I'm not going to lie, Dungeon Mistress just makes me think that you're running a BDSM dungeon XD

Actually, when I started in Docusign, I started in sales and didn't really get on too well with my boss. I was gonna be let go because I was terrible at selling things and liked helping people more. Fortunately a spot opened up on the support team so I was able to move over there. All of my bosses in support were good though, got on pretty well with everyone :) What's going on in your company that's making things difficult currently? Nostalgia's a bitch, isn't it? Docusign has certainly gone downhill over the years, especially when it went from being a private company to a publicly traded one. All of a sudden, it's about keeping the stock price going up - infinite growth, yay >.>

What a terrible human being :). People are just so fucking strange. I remember I put up a post like a year ago to see if I could make any friends and some weird dude DMed me as well and was being creepy. I just ignored him after a couple of messages.

Awww, thanks - I'm definitely not smiling because of that....it's not true. :) I have to tell you, you are definitely not okay-ish, you're really cute as well :) But....wait....is that a slight smirk that I see, Kathy? That's not right, I thought I was going to get the slavic stare! I feel robbed now.

I'm really digging your bookshelves back there too, nice setup! Glasses squad all the way! :D You and I both - I have selfies so much. I see them and think, 'Oh god, is THAT what I look like?!' XD
Kaktysshmanchik
11:43 PM
Well, not everyone wants to change things. I get it. It’s kinda normal. But sometimes, some petty little shit in me wants to have someone fighting by my side.
Do you ever have heated arguments with people? You seem kinda soft-spoken, as if you might avoid conflict and just simmer inside instead. I wonder if I got the right impression.
Aw, alright, you’re a proper softy, aren’t you?)) That’s nice. I’m not sure I know what to do with someone being soft on my account, though.))
Yeah, I’ve been spending more and more time on Reddit lately — to see that my people exist somewhere out there. It’s not like I’m the only one like this in Russia, obviously. XD It just takes a lot more effort to find them. People are very cautious around each other. You toss hints here and there and hope for the best. That’s exhausting. It’s easier to find someone abroad. And there’s English. English, Jonathan! It means the world to me)) Probably sounds deranged. But here we are)

How would you approach searching for your people?
You know, I somehow thought parents had more people in their lives — all those other parents... I assume I was wrong?

Yeah, my husband is fine with it. Or I think so. It’s not like I asked for permission) But come on, I’ve been milking the story about how terrified I was to play with you for days — half of Voronezh knows how much an American guy scared me)) And half of Moscow too. A few people in Innopolis...
But if we’re talking seriously, I don’t usually tell people much about other people. It feels kinda wrong. Yeah, I like to overthink things sometimes. All the time.

Ooh, I had my hair dyed red at one point — it suited me so much! But I’m not a fan of green... Nah, Liverpool is still the dream. Although I’m going to be deported as soon as someone notices that I drink my tea black. >_<

I am mean. Thank you for noticing. What happens is that you’re going to be crushed by the rest of the game.
Oh, actually... Gustave dying... Fucking hell!!! O_O I was like, whaaaaa... They took the supposedly main hero and just got rid of him! Brilliant, yeah?

Ah, so you’re not that hardcore. Uh-huh. Noted.
Nope, to be honest, I didn’t like the base-building part at all. Don’t get me wrong, I like building stuff in Skyrim, Subnautica, and things like that, where there are blocks I get to rearrange or decorate. But not from scratch — that’s way too much))
Do you do a lot of base-building? I think it’s A Thing in Valheim, no?

It’s kinda good that you’re responsible enough to keep yourself in check)) Besides, let’s face it, we’re old. Getting drunk became less fun once mornings became a bitch about it.
But I did get horribly drunk five years ago or so... I was just having a shitty time, went to a friend’s place — and we got drunk. Well... I drank two glasses of whiskey and got drunk. He just got amused.
I practically stopped drinking years ago. I found out I get sappy when I’m hammered. That won’t do. People might start to suspect I have feelings. O_O
What are you like when you’re drunk?

BEAR... Of course.
Oh, if we ever actually get to playing, you’re going to learn a lot of Russian, I suspect. XD Although I found out that “fuck” is rather frequent among the usual Russian stuff I say. My peak moment was saying “fuck, blyat.”)))
The fuck?? So you gather shit and then... you might lose it all just like that? Man, that’s brutal. And you used to play PvP too? Damn... Were you any good?
I don’t do PvP. I suck at it. Found that out during my WoW stage — never tried again. I remember I wanted to get a rare pet for my hunter, but it was in a PvP zone, and I kept getting killed constantly. I ended up begging a fella from my guild to shadow me. That was absolutely ridiculous. But I did get that pet!
You’ve never played Spec Ops: The Line???? O_O Drop everything. Download it. Play it. It’s mandatory.
SOCOM sounds great. I’ve never had anything except a PC, though, so... yeah, I don’t know much about games on other platforms.
I do have VR. I love Pistol Whip. It’s gorgeous and very meditative. Oh, and Superhot! Although it’s really hard at times. And the dogs think I’m mad...
Ooh, that VR place looks cool. So much space! And they armed you too. Looks like lots of fun!
Have you ever thought about getting your own VR headset?

Don’t bother with links, by the way. Every link works here if you know what you’re doing ;)
Damn, that sounds way edgier than poking through several VPNs. XD

Yeah... I used to play for about 20 hours a week or so — almost like a second job. I play way less these days, though, and read more.
Oh, I’m going to send you my library spreadsheet! Don't know why I'd do that, but here it is anyway:
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1CF0E-Gs9xJM9EJRtiddH3u2N3YeTISmX811tISQshuU/edit?usp=drivesdk
I’m stupidly proud of it))

Funny how it is: religion most of the time sounds sweet and loving (unless you’re a sinner, then you burn) until it encounters another religion. >_< Just chill, people!

Gods, you’re making me so jealous! I can’t take it, seeing someone else DM when it isn’t me. XD
I’ve been trying so hard to unload that burden onto one of my players. I got this close — and he decided he didn’t want it! Bastard...
Huh, since my mugshot was revealed anyway, I’m going to try to find a picture of one of my NPCs. It’s not too much, but I loved that character. She was a tiefling scientist, travelling with her dhampir boyfriend to a university the players were heading towards. I loved her so much! She was such a bitch, though. XD A real snob and a pain in the arse.

Aw!!! My colleague just sent me pictures of an F1 car model we gave him for his birthday. He’s been assembling it for weeks.
Yeah... That was quite a pivot... Anyway. Since we’re here, do you ever do that kind of thing? Give presents to your colleagues for birthdays or something?
We usually do birthdays and New Year. Last New Year, we were also unwrapping our presents while on a call — lots of fun))

I don’t know about Plex. We should test it first. It works without a VPN, but nothing is available. With a VPN... who knows? Depends on the day.
I also found something called Rave that supposedly lets you watch stuff even from Google Drive — that should work. In theory.
Anyhow, there seem to be plenty of options)

Aw, that’s awful, Jonathan! I don’t know how you’re going to survive that hotel. My heart is bleeding for you.

Mm... You’d have to try harder to make me faint. >_> But the effort was great. 10/10.
Nah, it’s okay. She’s a great woman, actually. It’s usually all “You’re a queen, you’re a goddess” between us, but this time she went for “okay-ish.” I don’t mind — we had some fun talking about it, actually.

Velociraptor is a nice choice! I haven’t heard anyone else pick that one. Yeah, feathers fucked dinosaurs up massively. =(
I believe mine was Triceratops — I just loved Cera from The Land Before Time! Have you seen that one?
Jonathan... dogs. It’s dogs. I thought you got the hint when I said I have three of them))
Mimic octopuses (octopi? Seriously, English?) are super cool. Although I’m a bit disappointed they don’t turn into treasure chests... And in some photos, they look a lot like spiders. Brr.

Heh) No, I’m not the oldest. The “You look okay-ish” lady is actually a couple of years older. The rest are a bit younger. I have a proper baby on my team too — 23 years old! O_O He was born after 2000, and he can have a job and everything!
Aw, bless your heart. (I choose to think I nailed it. Don’t you dare tell me I didn’t) BDSM is nothing compared to what I run at my table. Huh... My players are quite attached to ropes, actually. That’s trauma talking — they almost died once because no one had a rope. Who goes on an adventure without a rope? >_<

Oh, I was in sales once too! But that was an actual shop — sports equipment and all that. I stayed there for two months. It was horrible! XD I hated it and was awful at it.
That’s great that you were able to switch positions. Did you click with everyone immediately, or are you the kind of person who’s cautious around new colleagues at first?
Ah, the usual Russia stuff is happening. People have less money, so they spend less; the company has less money, so they try to save money at any cost, spending more in the process. I don’t know what’s going to happen in the near future, to be honest. It’s good that we’re a food retailer, one of the biggest here — they can’t just fire everyone and close))

Mm... I can’t say I understand what changed for you when the company became publicly traded... What does that actually mean?

Huh... I never thought about men getting creeps in their DMs too.
Actually... What’s it like to be a man in the US/Ireland?

I’m not smirking. My face doesn’t work like that. You’re delusional. And I’m not grinning now. Oh, fuck’s sake... >_<

Right? Selfies are the worst. I don’t know how people do it. My friend is absolutely gorgeous in selfies! It’s some kind of magic, I swear. I asked her once, and oh my fucking fuck... It’s worse than quantum physics.
_Jul 2, 2026_11:43_0.jpeg
Yay! Found her!
Jul 3
jsammons90
1:30 PM
I don't think that's petty at all, it's actually really important to feel like someone has your back and fight by your side. Without that, it feels like a small betrayal each time no one is there.

Wow, I think I'm going to have to start paying you by the hour now - you pretty much got it exactly right. I never really get into arguments with people and I am soft-spoken and probably conflict avoidant (I think my parents fighting as a kid kinda fucked me up and made me try to avoid conflict). If someone has views or thoughts that I don't agree with, I just cut them out of my life I think....which isn't healthy. I feel like trying to argue with a lot of people is just a waste of time because they likely won't change. I have a very pessimistic view of people and the world in case you haven't noticed XD. I suppose I don't interact with people most of the time, but if there is some bullshit, like someone supporting Trump, I'll try to tell them my thoughts on why they shouldn't. I guess even when Joanna and I fight about something though, I'm more avoidant and do let things simmer instead.....how much is this session costing again? XD

Haha, yep, big softy here. Well, you don't have to do anything with it, I guess maybe take some solace in knowing that someone out there cares and gets it and is there as much as they can be there from so far away? It makes sense that people wouldn't go around parading their views in Russia - I'm sure everyone is in self-preservation mode over there. I'm glad that you enjoy English so much, I definitely couldn't tell up to this point ;P

I think some of the only ways to search for like minded people are through hobby groups and stuff like that. The problem with that though is that you have to talk to people to get to your ultimate goal, finding people! I know that you know what I mean by that. Being able to take time and respond on something like Reddit is nice because it lets me collect thoughts and think about responding. I think I can get flustered and not know what to say when actually talking to someone, it's much easier over text. What do you think? Ehhhh, not really. You have lots of acquaintances, but not friends or anything like that. You're really just tolerating each other so that your kids can learn social skills and play with each other, at least that's how I feel.

So, when is my statue being erected in Voronezh? It sounds like I'm a local celebrity (possibly villain) over there now? XD I know what you mean, we're both adults and don't have to ask permission to chat with people, just wasn't sure if any comments had been made or anything like what I encountered. I know what you mean though, I just mentioned to my oldest friend, back in the States, that I made a new friend in Russia that I was chatting to, but that was it.

What all colors have you had your hair dyed? Just blue and red? Would you do it again do you think? Oh, yeah, you're probably fucked - people would likely think that's weird, too bad, you had a good shot too :/

Well, I'll have you know that as soon as I have finished responding here, I'm going to be hopping on and kicking the Paintress's ass :) Not sure if you noticed or not there, but I am picking talking to you over playing that game right now, so take from that what you will :)
That really surprised me too! But, I'm not convinced that he's not going to reappear later. With my whole expeditioners are nevrons theory, I'm waiting to run into a one armed nevron at some point. By the way, I see the duality that they're trying to push in the monolith - those Clair and Obscure enemies, then the one that's two halves of each named Clair Obscur - I see what you're trying to tell me game :) Also, just because it occurred to me, not really a fan of the name Clair - an old ex was named Clair and that didn't end well >.>

Haven't you figured out by yet that I'm a little bitch? I thought I was being fully transparent! I do enjoy base building to an extent, but I can get burnt out on it pretty quickly. Fallout 4 was okay with it, but it didn't feel like there was a point a lot of the time. Valheim has a lot of it and it's pretty fun in that - I have a base that I'm pretty happy with in that right now, but I feel like I always get bored before I can make something that's really cool and aesthetically pleasing. I actually don't remember the base building in Skyrim - I remember a house you could buy and then buy upgrades for? Did they end up adding in more building options?

Yeah, having little people depending on you in the morning makes it so that you have to make adult decisions all the time XD. Ya know, they say that your true side comes out when you're drunk, so that sappy, feeling side that you were showing, I think we both know how you really feel - you can't fool me! ;)
Whenever I get drunk, I just get silly and try to make everyone laugh. Definitely more talkative as well. That or I get sad thinking about my dad. I have two stories to illustrate both occasions for you.

First one, I remember being at my aunt and uncles house and was drinking all day with family over there and a friend brought me back to our apartment that we were all sharing, 3 of us. We were all there and some friends that they had made and, I can't remember how it got to this point, I ended up in the bathtub in my bathroom fully clothed, singing while someone dared to let one of the women that was there to shave part of my leg. Obviously, I let her do it while I sang songs into the water from the faucet and everyone was piled into my bathroom....that was....something. Funnily enough, the hair never grew back well on my leg where that happened!

The second was when I was living with my older sister Brooke and Bill. Friends were over and we were drinking around a fire pit and, can't remember what triggered it, but just started thinking about my dad so I went and got a photo album of him that I have and sat by the fire looking at it feeling sad. That's pretty much me when I'm drunk - more so the silly version though.

Of course, BEAR! It makes more sense now after talking to you, I had no idea bears were such a big thing in Russia before. I would actually love to hear you speaking Russian - I find it fascinating to hear people talking in other languages. Like when Maebh comes out with Irish, I love it, but she never does it at home! I have to share this clip of one of the scavs from Tarkov saying this really long, angry phrase: https://www.youtube.com/shorts/v9T77PcpPVs
I have no idea what they're saying most of the time, but I've heard a lot of different bits of Russian from that game. Blyat, Opachkiy (no idea how it's actually spelled, that's what it sounds like to me), stuff like that. Yup, it's quite the addictive game because of the stakes though. Funnily enough, I have a second account, so if you ever wanted to try it, I'd be happy to share the details with you....I suppose I had my moments when I did well. Taking on multiple people and coming out victorious always felt so good. Actually, I've got a bunch of clips on my YouTube account.

Here's one where I was fighting this squad of bosses called the Goon Squad - fighting starts at 4:03: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Xzz88kaQLQ
Here's one from years ago where a dude scared the shit out of me and I got insanely lucky and killed him. His bullet hit the rock in front of me and I jumped and sprayed and killed him: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KfV-LdrLlFw
Here's one where I was doing a night raid and ran into a group of two guys, killed them, looted, and then heard noise of more and then killed two more guys with a single bullet (didn't know it at the time, fired a couple of insurance shots): https://youtu.be/2NBtcRuplFg

I've got loads of these videos from over the years XD

I don't play PvP too much either these days - I don't have the time or energy to commit to being good at it. At least you got your pet! It would have been cool to play WoW with you back in the day, that would have been fun.
But...but....Clair Obscur...I'm so close to the end....I guess I'll just go and start playing Spec Ops now....

I'm so jealous that you have VR, I would love to get into it. I really wanted a Steam Index, but they were pulled and I know Valve is supposed to be bringing out the Steam Frame as the replacement. I do want to get one, but I don't know when I'll have the cash to - it's on my list though. I'm not familiar with Pistol Whip, but I have the non-VR version of Superhot! That's a cool game. I played Gorn at my friends house which was a blast. I also really want to play Half-Life Alyx. The VR place was great fun, but it was expensive - like 60 euro per game I think? I would like to go back and do it again.

Oh my goodness....you're a huge data nerd....I love it :) This may sound strange, but that spreadsheet is strangely attractive...you really catalogue so much stuff, all that information. You should be proud of all of that, I'm really impressed! :)

Mugshot XD Who knows, maybe someday we could try and figure out a way to play together and take that DM burden away from the other one :) Haha, I love the character and the picture, are those the horns that you made that you showed me before? Really cool - love it :) Why do you have to live so far away?! Sorry, just thinking about how much fun you would be to have around. By the way, I was thinking a bit about what I'm going to do to terrorize my players tomorrow - I'm going to make Wave Echo Cave cursed. When they go in, they're going to have to face their dark secrets, each having visions pulling them back to the dark moments of their past that they have to contend with.

Nope! I don't think I've ever given a present to a coworker, I have a heart of pure, black coal like that. But, I don't think that anyone else has either, so....I guess we all have hearts of pure, black coal in Ireland XD. It's really sweet that you guys do stuff like that over there, I like that :)

Hmmm, Rave - we could definitely give that a go - I don't have a problem uploading the movie to Google Drive and trying that. We'll figure something out, once we figure out when....that's the hardest part.

Aw, that's so kind of you, thanks - I'll make it somehow, but knowing that you're feeling so much pain for me helps give me the courage to carry on.

Really? No one else picks velociraptor? I feel like when I was a kid, it was either that or T-Rex for everyone. Triceratops is pretty great too. Also, yes, I used to watch our VHS of The Land Before Time on repeat when I was a kid. Have you ever seen The Never Ending Story? That movie freaked me out as a kid. Did you have any specific movies that freaked you out when you were a kid?

Oh...yeah, I guess I should have figured it was dogs. Maybe if you had like, 4, then I would have guessed that. I'm blaming this one on you, you should have had more to make me more aware, obviously >.>. Yeah, the mimic octopus is just so interesting with its camouflaging! Do you have a bit of arachnophobia? It's a good thing we didn't get too far in Satisfactory if so....

Kinda strange when you think about kids born from around 2000 on-wards and how different things were before that....but I suppose all people probably feel a similar way. Yup, you nailed it! You're now an official member of the south, congratulations! Also, 'BDSM is nothing compared to what I run at my table'......kinky.
Isn't it funny when the players are newer and don't think to bring things like rope or a 10-foot pole or things like that? How closely do you track rations, speed, dates, etc for you campaigns?

Back when I had to do the Geek Squad stuff for Best Buy, they liked to pull us back into the computer section to help sell computers....I hated it so much. Did you have to deal with any rude customers or anything like that? I remember one dude that came up when I was actually working at the Geek Squad counter and had questions about his camera. I said something along the lines of, 'Oh, I don't know too much about cameras, but if you tell me your issue, I'll be happy to see if I can find out how to help you'. The dude did a heavy sigh, dropped his camera on the counter, and demanded that I get someone that knows things. I just stared at him for a moment and said I would see if I could find someone, with a tone of 'you're a dickhead' in my reply.

I'm pretty cautious around new colleagues, trying to figure out peoples personalities and stuff and not wanting to appear like a complete idiot around people. They were much better to get along with than the sales people though. Sorry to hear all of that, I'm sure it's stressful for you with all of that going on. Do you think that you job is safe?

Back when Docusign was a private company, they were much better to their employees because they didn't need to appease shareholders by having a stock price constantly ticking up. We had loads of nice snacks, breakfast catered in a couple of times a week, really relaxed atmosphere - it was great. After going public, all of that slowly eroded away as they're constantly trying to squeeze more profit, more productivity, stuff like that out of everything. Employee benefits slowly get chipped away at and then there's loads of layoffs and outsourcing. Really kills morale in the company - part of the reason why I don't mind doing the bare minimum and enjoying the rest of the time - at the end of the day, I'm just a number to them.

I think that's the only time that I've gotten that from another dude - of course it was on a make friends subreddit >.>. Hmmm, that's a pretty broad subject. I think it's probably more equal between women and men here and in the US when compared to other parts of the world for sure. One thing that just came to mind, kinda off topic, but something I never thought about much until I heard it is how much safer guys feel walking around towns and cities alone compared to women. Women are much more likely to get cat called or harassed by dudes than dudes are to get harassed by women which is just so fucked up....do you ever encounter any of that?

Weird, because it definitely looks like it does work that way :). I don't know about you, but it's just nice to hear something like that - bit of a confidence boost, ya know...so, thanks. :)

That's why I just avoid photos at all costs, so much easier! XD

Oh, I took a photo of part of my run last night, I thought you'd appreciate it. I'll post it here, along with that gun cabinet photo that I was talking about yesterday.
_Jul 3, 2026_11:31_0.jpeg
_Jul 3, 2026_11:34_0.jpeg
Picture of my dad with the gun cabinet that was in our living room in the background
_Jul 3, 2026_11:35_0.jpeg
Bonus picture of my showing off my mad skillz as a kid
Kaktysshmanchik
5:47 PM
Sounds like you’ve been there too... Care to share with the class?

I have a bit more faith in people than you do, it seems)) I think they can change their views if you offer yourself as an example. That works for me. Sometimes. Although, in some cases, that means I have to turn myself inside out and hope it doesn’t end too badly for me))
But that’s if we’re talking about bigotry and such. More mundane stuff... Yeah, same here. Well, mostly. I just get angry, show fuck all — until I forget what I was angry about. Very healthy!
Doesn’t the conflict avoidance bother you, though? I think about it often — about speaking my mind. It’s so fucking hard. >_<
Ah, my rates are in petrol these days))

Really? You get flustered talking to people? That's adorable)) And here I thought you were so smooth during that Satisfactory call. Or is it not the same as IRL?
Yup, texts are definitely easier. Bless... er... whoever invented them.

Well, I mostly tell the call story so people can have a laugh)) Imagining me stuttering and with my hands shaking is somewhat funny, apparently) My colleagues looooved that . XD

I am actually thinking about dyeing my hair blue again... sometime. It’s too much fuss, though. >_<
I also tried pink, I think. Blue is my favourite, though)
Now. A life-and-death kind of question, while we’re talking about colours. Favourite colour?

Aw, such an honour!))
Go get her!)) I can’t wait to discuss the game. And I bet you’ll have a lot more to say — you seem very thorough.
I’m not a fan of the combat mechanics, though. I can see that they were made with care, and I understand why people love them — just not my cup of tea. So I mostly just went through the main quest. Maybe one day I’ll play it again with... mods to skip battles... All right. You can judge me now.

Was Clair that bad, or do you just have a good memory? >_> It seems like I can’t remember anything))

The base-building in Skyrim hits the spot for me. Yeah, you buy upgrades, grind, buy more upgrades. And then you buy mannequins and start collecting armour and weapons for them! For me, that was the best part of Skyrim))
I don’t understand how people make anything decent-looking in games where you have lots of freedom to build. I usually end up with an ugly box and call it a day))

Shaving a leg sounds pretty classic) But the bathtub singing is definitely something — approved.
I remember drinking with my friends once. I went out onto the balcony for a smoke, and one of them followed me. We just sat there and talked — and after a while, other people started coming out too. We ended up sitting on the floor of the tiny balcony, chatting about some nonsense. Ah... Fun times.

Aw... See? Now you’re making me want to hug you. Gonna make a proper sap out of me.
Do you ever talk to anyone about your father these days?

Hah! I’ve heard people say Russian sounds aggressive — even worse than German)) I did notice it once: if I say something in English to another Russian, I usually lean into a Russian accent so it doesn’t sound as though I’m showing off — and it does sound aggressive! O_O
Oh fuck... XD Bloody hell... I just can’t. I’m laughing like an idiot here. That video you sent — most of it is a quote from Blood & Concrete: A Love Story. It was badly translated here, and the phrase became a widespread meme. It’s so funny that you sent that exact phrase)))
Nah, I’m good, cheers) I’ve made my peace with the fact that I suck at PvP) I don’t even understand how you saw where to shoot in the last one.
Stealth doesn’t work for me either(( I’m too impatient. It shows in Pathfinder too — I had a barbarian character, then a gunslinger. Actually... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gKOVMDU5aZQ

Yeah, WoW was fun. I didn’t appreciate how many creeps there were back then, but my guild turned out to be pretty great.
Ah, yeah, Gorn was so much fun! XD Alyx was great too. Well, less cartoonish gore, but yeah... It looks absolutely stunning.
Well, 60 euros is still cheaper than a VR headset, so)) Besides, I don’t know about most people, but my VR headset just lies there collecting dust most of the time)

Yeah, you get it! Spreadshits are hot. That’s just the truth.

Yeah, it’s not like you could DM for my players — their English is somewhere around “Where’s the library?” Ah... People just can’t appreciate the art of linguistics... Oh, by the way, how’s your Irish doing?))
That’s another set of horns) I make various headgear from time to time. Masks, fins for ears, stuff like that.
Oh, I’m living where I am solely because I absolutely love it here — I can’t get through a single day without seeing at least one birch tree. Maybe it’s you who lives so far away? >_> But yeah, I’m sure it would’ve been lots of fun)

The cursed cave is a nice touch)) Is there a way to get rid of the curse? Would they be able to find out how it was cursed?

Ah... Uh-huh... A coal-black heart. Sure, sure. I’m going to pretend I believe that.
I just asked people once if they wanted to do Secret Santa for New Year, and they reluctantly agreed. Then, since I had their delivery details, I started sending them presents for their birthdays. After that, they all collaborated on my birthday present — and birthday presents in general became a thing)) Speaking of changing people — just what we started with))

I don’t think I’ve ever watched a film with someone from this far away) Sounds intriguing, I suppose) I might talk. A little bit. A lot. Yeah, definitely a lot.

Nope, I’ve never seen The NeverEnding Story. It looks creepy, though... I would’ve been scared too.
Oh, I remember a scene from Santa Barbara — it was huge here, and my mother used to watch it a lot — that scared me. There was a bloke whose face turned into a pig’s face at some point. I think he was dreaming. Anyhow, yeah... That was terrifying))
Yup. Spiders are the worst. Once, I couldn’t leave my flat because there was a spider on the door. I could’ve vacuumed it up... But what if it jumped??? So I called a friend and asked her to save me) So, is my street cred thoroughly ruined now?) Although I’m fine with digital spiders)
Are you scared of anything like that?

Yeah, that’s getting older for you. Recently, I was sitting with my friend while she was browsing Tinder. She liked a guy, and he was nineteen. I looked at him, and my first thought was that he was just a baby! Like, literally, she could technically have been his mother! O_O That ruined Tinder for her for a while. XD
It’s not a kink if it’s a lifestyle)) But yeah, it gets... interesting sometimes. XD The sorceress once fell hard for a baron, and that’s all I’m going to say))
That’s the thing! It wasn’t their first game! I don’t know how they forgot the ropes! They just thought someone else would bring one.

I don’t bother too much with rations once they start costing them little more than pocket change. And speed... I use simplified battles... er... that’s a lot to type)) I might just tell you someday.
But dates are important, yeah. I have a little calendar to track them. Do you track all those things?

Ugh... That dude sounds like a proper bellend. I was luckier, though. People were... not nice, but okay-ish. It sucked that I was supposed to fool them by offering them shit they didn’t need. I just couldn’t do it. Not only did I have moral issues with it, but those techniques sounded dumb. I couldn’t repeat them if my life depended on it.
And what did you used to do with your anger? I mean, if I’d had to deal with such a dickhead, I would’ve been livid.

Ooh, yeah, the fear of appearing like a total fool is crippling for me. Ironically, that’s exactly what makes me look like a fool. XD
Nah, I’m fine. I’m valued by my stream lead, I do things no one else can, and I’ve been here forever — so I know a shitload and can work on almost any part of our software. So there’s a whole line of people who would be fired before me)) Or at least that’s how I see it. I might be wrong))
I don’t like thinking that way. But that’s what the owners are making everyone think these days — making us compete against one another.
Is there a lot of competition among colleagues at Docusign?

Mm... Yeah, sounds nice. Did they ever try to dress it up as, “Show your loyalty to the company — these are hard times for everyone”?

Oh, I have Stories. XD
My “favourite” is from high school. I was 16, I think. Hmm... I never thought I’d have to explain public transport to anyone... I don't know all the names. Bear with me.
Here, there are these small buses with three seats up front — the driver and two passengers — and a passenger compartment in the back. So, I’m going to school and get into one of the front seats. At some point, some bloke sits beside me. And he decides that’s the right time to be creepy towards a teenager.
I was scared out of my mind — especially when he grabbed my knee. I was also hoping the driver would do something. But, well...
So, at the next stop, I scrambled out of there. I couldn’t even tell you how I managed it, since the guy was blocking the door. And on my way out, the driver chided me because I’d opened the door before he’d fully stopped.

But the thing is, at least I can complain about it. Yeah, half the time I’m going to find out that it happened because I was dressed like a slut or something, but there’s still the other half. I don’t know about other places, but in Russia, men can’t complain — especially if a woman harassed them.

Aw! That photo of the fields is gorgeous! And there are sheep. ^_^ Aw... I love it. Absolutely love it.

Hah! The old photos look like they could’ve been taken in Russia)) Well, except for the gun cabinet. WTF? That’s so strange to me. I can’t imagine having a gun at home.

Yeah, I can see that you were very talented)) I think I have a similar photo that my mother keeps solely to show to all my friends.
jsammons90
7:23 PM
Mine hasn't been around other people really, but more just around the house with stuff. An example is the other night - Joanna was sick so I was putting the kids down to bed while she went and laid down. Maebh and Tadhg were both in the bathroom getting ready for bed - I was making Maebh's bed up and went in just as the two of them started fighting. Maebh started yelling, slammed her bedroom door, and was in there crying and yelling. I went in to try and talk to her and calm her down, but it was going nowhere. After a few minutes, I went to go and check on Tadhg because he was screaming from the bathroom - I keep running back and forth between the two, getting nowhere. I figured I'm just going to give Maebh space to calm down while I get Tadhg sorted (he's usually the hard one). Joanna ends up getting up out of bed and going in to Maebh to calm her down. After the kids were all sorted and in bed, I went and sat down at my computer to wait for Tadhg to get up out of bed and need to be brought back to bed and she just popped her head in and asked if there was something important that I needed to do, but with a tone of 'what's wrong with you?'. I went in to her to apologize that she had to get up and I said I wasn't sure why Maebh got so upset, and she said that Maebh said that I told them to hurry up with getting ready for bed and gave me the look like I was some big asshole. I didn't say that to the kids, and I told her that and just left the room.

There are also times where she may be away from the house (gone for a hike with her sister and then to the sauna or something) and I've been minding the kids while cleaning and trying to make dinner - feeling like super dad, but then there's no mention or appreciation and it just deflates me. It's not all the time, but....yeah, it's pretty defeating when those times happen.

Things just haven't been the same since the kids came along either - I won't subject you to details, but, it feels more like living with a roommate a lot of the time instead a partner which sucks :/. Sorry, that was rather long-winded - woe is me! XD

Yeah, conflict avoidance definitely isn't healthy and I try to avoid doing it - but sometimes I prefer for things to just not turn into a fight or something, so I leave it. Shit....petrol is rather expensive....my debt is in the mail? Should be there any day?

Haha, I'm good at talking to people (it's a curse I think) but internally I'm freaking the fuck out, thinking the person probably finds me so boring! I hate in work how I always got tasked with talking to the angry customers because I was good at it, even though I hated it so much.

Oh no way, you weren't stuttering at all and I don't believe that your hands were shaking. That's adorable but I don't believe it! XD

Nice! I'd love to see it if you do it. Since you're brunette, do you have to bleach your hair first or can you just put the dye right in? You're gonna laugh at me - my favorite color is black XD. Probably black and blue. What about yours? I at least know it's not green....I'm going to guess blue.

Oh, don't you worry - I beat her earlier and, I was right, it was all inside a painting! I was streaming it in Discord with Kyle, he likes to watch me play (he's beaten it all before) and we were chatting about it. It's very interesting about everything - how the painting is essentially the mother trying to hold on to Verso and not deal with her grief and loss and everything. And that Renoir is in there trying to help the party to get her out of there before she dies from staying too long. I know that there's still more to discover, but what a great story so far! :D I'm loving it.

I wouldn't dream of judging you for enjoying the game and story in any way that feels right to you - there's no wrong way to play, once you're enjoying it :)

Claire (her name was spelled with an e at the end) was my first really serious girlfriend - it was a roller-coaster. Her mom lived in another state and she never knew her dad (at least I don't think she did, not that I can remember) and was started dating when I was 17 and she was 16. She lived with her aunt and uncle and eventually ended up moving in with me at the apartment that my mom had, but was never home for. Condensing a couple of years into a few sentences, we ended up getting an apartment together and I worked while she did online high school to finish school. I wasn't making enough to really afford the apartment and her grandmother couldn't afford her house on her own, so we moved in to mutually benefit both parties. We lived there for a couple of years together - I was working and trying to put myself through college and she finished her high school stuff and started college as well. Her uncle didn't live too far away and she and I went over to mind his kids one night - her great uncle lived downstairs in the house and the uncles friend stayed there which I thought was odd at the time. I was upstairs looking after the kids while she, the uncles friend, and her great uncle all sat downstairs having drinks. I noticed some weird energy between her and her uncles friend and found him up wandering around during the night - I had stayed up until the wee hours in the living room playing games.

Can't remember how much longer after that, but she said she needed some space and time to think, so I gave her that and went to stay with some mutual friends for a few days. She ends up saying that it was over, which really caught me off guard, and I went over really upset and crying. I think it was the next day, I went back to her grandmothers house to get my stuff and found bed sheets to be washed, men's boots, and men's shower gel and stuff that wasn't mine. Turns out she was cheating with the uncles friend. Found out later that she had been cheating on me a lot with dudes - I was clueless. I was in love with her at the time, so it really hurt and took me a long time to let that go and put it in the past. There's a lot of nuance being left out of the story, but that's the gist of it XD

You and I are the exact same - I end up making an ugly box and think, 'meh, good enough'. I've watched videos on people making really nice looking places and I just can't get my head around how to do it. I know some general concepts like adding depth and stuff, but I have trouble actually applying it.

Haha, I wasn't sure what you would think of that story - I was embarrassed to tell you. XD That's really nice, very wholesome. Do you still smoke? Every partake in any weed or anything like that? I used to have a hookah to smoke shisha out of, that was fun.

Yes, my plan is working - I will slowly make you as sappy as I am! Thanks though, that's really sweet - I appreciate it. I don't really ever talk about it with anyone. My oldest friend in the US, his name is Joseph, the one that's like a brother to me - I would from time to time talk about that with him. He lost his mom to cancer a couple of years ago now and we talk about that and my dad and stuff sometimes.

Oh, it definitely sounds aggressive from what I've heard! So you think it's just the tone in which people speak with over there then, not just what's being said itself? I have no idea what Blood & Concrete: A Love Story is, but if it made you laugh then I'm happy that I sent it over! XD The scavs will walk around saying shit like that and, it means nothing to me, but I've come to recognize the little phrases and stuff without knowing the meanings behind them.

Oh yeah, when playing Tarkov, especially in PvP, you end up watching for the smallest pixel to move or listen for the slightest sound. Sounds is the most important and it's what gave away both of those groups of guys. I ended up dying to another dude when I went to loot the second two that I killed - I dunno if he was with them or he just heard the shots and came over, so I sadly didn't make it out.

That song is too funny and so true! I love playing stealth games (Hitman is great), but you do have to be so patient. When playing D&D and stuff, I do like to make a barbarian and just smash! I appreciate your inclination to just go in and fuck shit up, too. :)

I doubt that I really encountered the creep factor that you did - I'm assuming you were playing as a female character? Did you guys do much raiding or anything like that?
Gahh, I'm so jealous of your VR setup - I wish I could play those games so badly! It's a shame that there's not many great VR games though.

Yeah, I think if we were to do it then you'd have to learn D&D 5e and join my group. Learning 5e would be easy, having to meet new people would be the challenging part - the invitation stands if you ever decide that you'd like to try. No pressure though, I know how that kind of invitation would make me feel...also we usually start at 8PM my time, so I think that would be 11PM your time....

My Irish has gone absolutely nowhere unfortunately! I think the school may be doing beginner courses next year though, so I'm going to get involved in that! I would love to become fluent. You can speak Russian to me and I'll speak Irish for you - it'll be great! Well, seeing your creativity in the previous head pieces and with what you made at your friends birthday last weekend, I'm sure it's all really nice. I think I would try to do something like that if we had our sessions in person.

Oh, well, you see - I WOULD move to Russia....but I think the Russian government would probably just kidnap me and ransom me or something....at least you could move to Ireland without that happening! Also, we have birch trees here! XD

I'm not too sure yet, but I've still got plenty of time to figure it out since the session is tomorrow....right? XD

Ya know, this whole mean girl, no emotion facade that you're trying to sell reallllly isn't being helped by how kind and thoughtful you are >.>. Kudos to you for getting something like that going though - I would never end up doing something like that, but I'm sure it means a lot to everyone involved now.

Oh, perfect, because talking would be a requirement - if you didn't talk, I'd have to turn the movie off. I don't make the rules, I just enforce them :)

I've never heard of Santa Barbara, I had to look it up! That does sound freaky though.
Oh no, you poor thing! XD Unfortunately, I do have to dock 6 street cred points from you....I don't enjoy doing that, but, management, ya know? I'm not scared of any spiders or anything like that, but the thing that gets me is heights - can't do them.

I imagine it gets tough to date as you get older. A lot of people are in relationships and there are fewer people your age available. You run into lots of younger people but that just feels....weird. I couldn't imagine dating someone who was 18 or 19, I would feel like I was dating a child.

'It’s not a kink if it’s a lifestyle' XD That had me laughing. I'm starting to get worried that some crazy fan fiction is getting created in your Pathfinder sessions....

I actually haven't been recording the dates or as the days pass in the game and I really regret it now. I think once they wrap this campaign up and are getting ready to start their next one, I'll do something like that....I ask them what order they're traveling in (for ambushes or running into traps) and don't really keep track of their rations or anything too closely right now.

For the anger, I just bottled it up and stuffed it waaaaaay down in there. Just another healthy habit, ya know? When we used to have to go to the computer department to sell PC's, we had to try and push this warranty program called Black Tie Protection and sell PC setups and shit....I hated that part. It was such a waste of money for people.

Not too much competition fortunately, at least not with the teams that I've been on. I would say that sales would probably be a lot worse. We have our KPIs that we have to hit, but no one is going around flaunting those. They would normally send an email with what a hard decision that is is and how we're doing this for the customer - blah, blah, corporate speak non-sense, it drives me nuts!

Huh, I didn't realize that there was public transport like that. What an absolutely disgusting human being - just casually sexually assaulting a teenager >.>. I don't think that it was warranted, regardless of what you were wearing - you could be completely naked, that doesn't give someone the right to assume that they can start putting their hands all over you. It really grosses me out when I see dudes just groping women like that. It's also not taken as seriously if a man is groped or sexually assaulted, especially by a woman - everyone just laughs that one off like 'how could he NOT like that?'. Pretty fucked up stuff, sorry to hear that that happened to you :/.

Thanks! That's the Curragh - it's a big open space for everyone to use and the sheep roam free there, it's really nice :). There's this old abandoned building around there that I would like to go and explore, but some people are too busy living in Russia to come do that >.>.

Haha, old 90s photos like that are funny in the way that they all look so similar! I vaguely remember the gun cabinet from my childhood, but never though too much about it. Looking back, it's pretty fucking crazy that that was just sitting in there. We also had a pet iguana named Pete. I don't have any pictures of him unfortunately...

Well, you're going to have to share sometime if you come across it now - gotta see who had the better skills. :D
Kaktysshmanchik
11:18 PM
Damn... I knew kids were hard, but this is a whole new level for me — I’ve never done anything remotely as hard as that. Even reading it feels exhausting. How do you even push through? I mean, I suspect loving them must be part of what keeps you going, but can’t imagine that miraculously making days like that feel easier. How do you even do it? And how did you know you wanted kids in the first place?

But sweetheart (see? I’m a natural at this point), I’m gonna say this once: I won’t comment on Joanna. That would be weird and unfair.
What I can do is say that I get it. The roommate thing. It sucks, yeah. Especially if you’re not sure how the other person feels about it — that adds guilt to the whole loneliness circus. And the fucking contrast! Here’s a person — but that does fuck-all for that emptiness.
Familiar in any way?

And don’t apologise. I like your messages. I really appreciate you texting me.

But the family stuff is hard for me to discuss — I’m trying to be very careful here) Especially the stuff about the kids. And especially when I’m not sure how a certain phrase sounds to a native speaker)
And also, from what you’re telling me, I’d be happy if I had a dad like you. This sounds weird even from my side... Don’t read it as weird... Read it as normal. I meant it in a normal way. I was trying to make it sound less strange, and this is my best attempt.

Avoiding conflict avoidance. Yeah, peak linguistics achieved)
Okay, we’re not exactly the same here. I just get really scared when someone yells. And then that means I get angry — because that’s what I default to. Being angry is fucking exhausting.

A side note: the “in work” thing does my head in)) I was taught that it’s “at work.” It was a hard journey, Jonathan. You’re ruining it for me by showing me new things)

Oh, so you’re a mediator? Gods, that sucks. I got my leadership position the same way. I hate it, but I’m good at it. >_<
But hey! You’re not boring! If you were boring, why would I be here texting you instead of reading a book?

Okay. That’s settled. We’re both adorable. Where do they give out medals for being adorable? A club card? Something? Anything?

Why would I laugh? >_> Black is gorgeous. 70% of my wardrobe is black. Blue is great too, yeah, I love it) I wonder how you guessed... A psychic, no less.

Yeah)) That was a great part. Has the expedition returned yet, though?...
I can’t imagine how you figured out the painting part on your own! It was a surprise for me.

Oh man, that sucks! And an uncle’s friend... That has a weird vibe.
But what really shocks me is that you seem to have been so responsible back then. I mean, I was a mess until I was 25. And I’m still waiting to grow up.
Although I did get married for the first time at... Mm... 19, I think. Just to have a reason to move out of my mother’s place. And I’ve gotta say, I wasn’t even close to that level of responsibility. There was drinking, gaming for hours, skipping classes, and so on. Although those times did teach me to work — my income was the only thing we had to live on.

Have you ever played Minecraft? I mean, really put work into it? Sometimes I see people making all that cool stuff in it — I download it, dig a hole, and abandon it))

Aw, you were embarrassed but still told me?)) I’m so fucking pleased right now)
Yeah, I do smoke. I’m determined to die of lung cancer. XD Nah, it’s just hard to quit after fifteen years.
Nope, no drugs of any kind except for alcohol and nicotine. That’s scary. I know it’s probably not as scary as it feels to me, but that’s not something I can control)

Uh-huh, good luck with that. I’ve been mastering the art of bottling up my emotions for ages. Yeah, they seep through sometimes, but don’t let it go to your head. >_>
Aw, it’s great that you two still have each other’s backs. I believe friendship is the most important relationship someone can have. You manage to talk enough?

Hmm... I’m not sure how much tone could help Russian. To some extent, I suppose. But it’s still a bit... functional, I guess. For me, at least.
Like, recently, I was discussing pet names with my colleagues. And they all sound so cringe in Russian! Phonetically.
Ah, Blood & Concrete is some American movie from the ’90s. It’s horrible, nothing to write home about. But the phrase was gorgeous, so it stayed))

Yeah... I see. You don’t have enough pressure, hence why you like Tarkov. Mhm. Noted.
And you like stealth games... Gods... Why? That’s just torture! Have you played Thief, though? >_>
Yup, chaos is the way) Gods, I loved my barbarian... She was a half-orc raised by halflings because her own family got rid of her. But one day, her orc blood took over, and she slaughtered the whole village. Hmm... There’s a lot to unpack with a shrink, I suppose. XD

Yeah, I did have a female character. And I never hid my gender. Yeah, what was I expecting))
I was ready to quit before I stumbled upon that guild — and they took me in. Yeah, we used to raid and stuff. Heh... Back then, my English was worse, but my confidence was skyrocketing))
Yeah? What do you think would be the first thing you’d download if you got your own VR headset?

Aw, that’s sweet. Yeah, tossing me into a bigger group of foreigners is exactly what I need. Cheers for that.
But hey, if you give me time to get used to you first... Yeah, why the hell not. The time isn’t that bad for me. Well... It’s not perfect, and I’d have to figure some stuff out, but I often go to bed at 3 am anyway, so...

Ah, “I’m gonna start studying next year.” Yup. That usually works brilliantly. I can see you’re doing great already.
Ooh, one day I’m gonna teach you to swear in Russian! I bet it’s gonna be painful for both of us, though))
Yup, Russia is famous for kidnapping Americans. It’s weird, though — there are quite a few Americans here. They love it here. Strong leadership and all that bullshit. I don’t get it.
And some of them live in such shit conditions that it makes me wonder how they used to live back in the US if they like it here.
Uh-huh. I can feel Ireland waiting for me, sure))

Yeah... I mean, you could just improvise during the session — that goes well every time.

Nah, that was just an elaborate scheme to get presents for my birthday.
Truth be told, my colleagues and the vibe in the team are very important to me. So I’m trying to contribute and build something warm.

Height, huh? That’s a scary life you’re leading, then, since you’re 185 cm, if I remember correctly. Any dizziness? How many heart attacks do you have during the day?

Oh yeah, dating at this point is horrible. All the good ones are already taken, so it’s either searching long and hard or settling for feeling a bit like a paedophile. >_<
Yeah, I can’t imagine dating someone that young. Even twenty-five makes me feel ancient. XD

Our Pathfinder sessions are very refined and dignified, thank you very much. I don’t know what you mean.

If it works for you, that’s great. It’s just that my campaigns relied heavily on dates, so... But if you don’t enjoy a particular mechanic, yup, you just get rid of it.

Ooh, bottling stuff up is great, yeah?))) Best thing ever, no notes.
Ugh... Yeah... It’s so stupid — corporations fucking over customers and employees, then employees fucking over corporations, even if on a smaller scale. That’s some cursed circle. >_< But I genuinely don’t know what can be done about it.

Oh... Right... You’re kinda the first man to say to me, “You could be completely naked, and that still wouldn’t give someone the right to assume...” It feels so fucking great, to be honest. Thank you. That means a lot.
Yeah, men are in a funny position that way. It drives me mental. Things are getting better for both men and women, but we’re still not there. And it seems there’s been very little change for men, unfortunately.

Well, some people can video-call you and explore the building with you while sprawled on their couch with a cup of tea and snacks. :-P

Aw!!! I wanted some kind of lizard as a pet too! Like, any lizard. Or a snake. Or something with scales. But the feeding is so much fuss. >_<
Pete is a cool name for an iguana, though)

Nah, that would mean I’d have to go to my mother’s. But if I do, I promise I’ll remember. Huh. Just checked — skills intact. XD

Jul 4
jsammons90
1:04 PM
Some days are definitely harder than others. No matter how you're feeling that day, you have to get up and look after them and try to be a good parent, even if they're asking you a million questions and you have a pounding headache. There are definitely times I just have to step away for 5 minutes to collect myself. Loving them is definitely what keeps you coming back - if it wasn't for that, I don't think anyone would have kids XD. To be honest, I was really conflicted on having kids....I feel awful for bringing them into a world like the one that we have with accelerating climate change and stuff. At the same time, they're incredible and I love the curiosity and wonder that they still see the world with. I couldn't say when I actually knew that I was okay with having kids, I think it was just a feeling at some point when life felt stable.

Yup, you pretty much hit the nail on the head - there's a person, but it doesn't fill that emptiness. We've talked about it and everything and, it just kinda is what it is right now unfortunately. Don't get me wrong, she's an amazing person and mother and works very hard - I love her and trust her and she loves me and trusts me, but that one part missing is tough. I mean, you don't stay married to someone for 11 years for no reason. And you're absolutely right to not comment on something without the whole picture, I admire that you do that because it's the correct thing to do. I guess I've found it really easy to open up to you so now you get all of this....lucky you XD. I do appreciate all of the listening though, thank you. You're very thoughtful with your responses and I appreciate that you'd think I'd be a good dad....the adoption papers are in the post. Kidding of course, I know what you mean and I appreciate the compliment :)

Fight or flight, you choose fight - nothing wrong with that! If I'm around someone yelling, I can definitely feel myself tense up and just try to read the situation to see what would be the best thing too, but I can definitely get angry as well and blurt something out, but it doesn't happen too often. I don't really get into those situations too often either I suppose, because of all of that conflict avoidance. I somehow feel that we've come full circle XD

What do you mean? What do you do AT work when you're IN work? Am I annoying you yet? XD

Haha, I take comfort in knowing that I'm not boring you - thanks :). It's funny how many things we seem to be similar in, just adding the curse of being a mediator to the list.

Thank you! My family thinks I'm weird and depressed just because black is my favorite color. And yes, you should be in awe of my obvious psychic powers of observation :)

Maelle just brought them back, I had to jump off in the camp right after they all came back. I'm wondering why she didn't bring Gustave back, but I know that was the mention of not having enough chroma at the moment (how convenient). I have a feeling that there will be more on that later...It's funny, looking at the sky in certain places with buildings bending and stuff, I thought it kinda looked like oil in a painting. Kyle was impressed with how much of it I was able to guess. I think when I know that there's an interesting twist, I'm super observant....also, that whole thing about liking puzzles :) I can't wait to keep going - still so much to do!

Yeah, it was really weird. Her uncle wasn't a whole lot older than her - he was born a good few years after her mom, but still....So, I noticed that you specifically said that you were married the FIRST time at 19. You were married before? Based on all of that and everything else that you've told me, you had to grow up pretty quickly like I did, even if you don't feel like you did. I think you mentioned before that you were married to your husband for 13 years (I think it was 13) so I believe you were 20 when you guys got married? *trench coat and magnifying glass intensifies* Actually, I never asked you - when's your birthday?

Oh yes, I played Minecraft back when it was in Alpha or Beta, a long time ago. It was the first game that I played like that back then and I fell in love with it, played it a bunch, but haven't played it in years. I have a Nintendo Switch and got Minecraft for Maebh and Tadhg to play it on there, so they play it a little at the weekends. It runs like ass on the switch though, that console is so weak >.>. They've changed it so much since I've played it though, so much new stuff. Have you ever heard of Terraria? It's like a 2D side scrolling Minecraft but it's soooo good. I've played through it a few times.

Haha, I like to be open and honest and, while I was embarrassed to tell you, I didn't think that you'd judge me too harshly XD. If you're not open and honest with someone, what's the point in talking to them? Oh, you mean that highly addictive substance that is suppose to keep you addictive isn't easy to give up? Obviously you're just not trying hard enough. Everyone around me smoked growing up, but that's one thing that I never started fortunately. I think I might have a bit of an addictive personality, so I would probably have started and not been able to stop. I've partaken of a bit of weed here and there when it was offered or like when I was in Amsterdam with Kyle, but nothing other than that (besides the alcohol of course).

Oh don't you worry, I'll just keep chipping away, little by little :) Oh yeah, we send voice messages to each other multiple times a week. He was the best man at my wedding - one of only 4 people to ever come and visit me in Ireland. He was the first, then my mom, and then Brooke and my niece Madison. Joseph and I have been friends since we were in the 2nd grade together, like 7 years old. It all started over Pokemon. Was Pokemon a big thing in Russia back in the 90s as well? The games and the trading cards and all of that?

I tried Thief a long time ago, but didn't get past the first level or something - I think I was just a kid when I tried. But as for stealth games, it's basically just a big puzzle to figure out! I love that part - going in and, in the case of hitman, assassinating your target without anyone ever knowing and making it look like an accident....lots of fun to pull off, but yeah, you spend a lot of time just observing character pathing and stuff like that.

Uh-huh.....and how did that make your Half-Orc Barbarian feel? All of those bottled up emotions suddenly spewing over the surface?.....what are you doing with that battle-axe, Kathy?

That's great, it's good to find a great group of people! I had a human paladin (yeah, yeah - how original) and was raiding with my guild and another. It was so cool back then getting 40 people together to try and take down those bosses....I don't know if games today could get away with stuff like that; I think that was a bit special. We cleared Molten Core and Onyxia's Lair and we started Black Wing Lair, but I also tagged along with a friends guild a time or two for Black Wing Lair, back when those were the highest level dungeons in vanilla. Still, it's a shame that, even in a digital world, you couldn't escape being harassed >.>.

Oh, I think Half-Life Alyx would definitely be the first game that I would get and play. Gorn would be a close second. I'd have to see everything else available after that, though :) One day.....one day.....

Oh, wow! I wasn't sure if you would take me up on the offer, but I'm really excited! It would be after we wrap up this campaign, if that'd be okay. The guys can be pretty shy too....they just wanted this first campaign to be the three of them because they were afraid of fucking up and stuff a lot. I definitely wanted a fourth though and told them that after this campaign we'd try to bring in a fourth, so that makes me really happy :) I have the 5e Players Handbook on my Google Drive that I can share with you, along with the other books. I'm so excited! :D

Hey now! I actually did look up classes a few weeks ago and couldn't find any locally! XD The school is talking about doing beginner courses next year which I plan to sign up for. I actually use the little bit of Irish that I have in the D&D sessions for Orcish and stuff for that added flavor. YES! Teach me all the bad words in Russian, please! XD I'm going to butcher that pronunciation so hard! I did hear about some American dude that moved to Russia, saying how great it is, and then being sent to the front lines.....let's see if I can find an article....yup! https://www.nbcnews.com/world/russia/american-family-moved-russia-seeking-better-life-got-drawn-war-ukraine-rcna220463

Yup, 185cm, your memory is good. I spend my days in constant panic of falling to my death, how did you know? It only really affects me when I'm up high and can look down. Even with the kids, I just imagine the worse happening when they're near railing or something....makes my stomach turn.

I have to agree with you, I feel like 25 would be really young now....fuck, we're getting old....

Oh, of course! How silly of me to assume that there's any form of degeneracy in your sessions - silly 'ole me! Can you pass the leather whip, please? Oh, I would like to keep track of the dates and make a calendar of the year to sprinkle in holidays and events for more flavor and stuff, to make the world feel more alive while the party is traveling around.

Ugh, that's awful that at 33 years of age, no one else has ever said that to you. It just baffles me that people can't see that....consent is important, it applies to all of us, don't be creeps. Don't be dicks. Keep your hands to yourself. It's simple. I'm glad that you're happy to hear me say that, but I'm also pissed off that that has to mean that much to you.

Oh, fantastic! And you'll call for help for me when I'm abducted by the murderous hobo clown that definitely resides there.....right? XD

I only remember Pete a little, I think he made a hole in our screen door and escaped - at least that's what I was told as a kid. Besides Pete, we always had cats growing up, but I always wanted a dog. That reminds me, my younger sister, Rosie, she once shaved a bald spot on the top of one of our cats' head. I felt so bad for the poor thing going around with a big bald patch on the top of his head.

'Just checked — skills intact.' XD Good! Was worried that you may have lost these vital skills over the years. I also definitely didn't just do it too to make sure I still could too....XD
_Jul 4, 2026_11:06_0.jpeg
Oh look, a stack of REAL pancakes 😂
jsammons90
1:43 PM
Oh, forgot to say - awesome on the book! Let me know what you think! I'm curious how it compares to the movie.
Kaktysshmanchik
5:33 PM
Huh... Wasn’t expecting a message today. >_> Working overtime? I’m so fucking grateful, though — I’ve been reading it while waiting for my dentist appointment, and it made things easier. I hate dentists. Especially the paying part — that’s particularly terrifying. XD

That sounds so alien to me)) I don’t think I’d be able to be that selfless. It’s not like there’s ever a point when you can wipe your hands and say the job is done. It’s like... forever. O_O
Hah! That reminds me of how someone once told me that I shouldn’t get tattoos because they’re forever. The same person kept saying that I definitely needed to have kids. No mention of the “forever” part whatsoever))
Anyhow. I low-key admire your resilience. Low-key. >_> Don’t let it go to your head.

Wow... You talked? And you said you were conflict-avoidant))
Quite mature of you.
But I can’t say I agree with that part about people not staying married for a long time for no reason. I’m not implying that’s your situation, just thinking out loud. I can see how that can happen. Getting used to someone, having a life built together, the routine. I mean, if I got divorced, I’d have to pay the bills on my own! O_O At this point, I don’t know how to do that — I haven’t even seen a bill in years!
Wow! Backing out of the adoption papers already? I’m a great kid! I keep my room tidy, I already have my own place and dogs, and I’m past the teenage phase. Although I’m high-maintenance book-wise. >_> But that’s the only downside, really.

“What do you do AT work when you’re IN work?”
I hate you a little.
But I love languages and how ridiculous they sometimes are) Like French numbers. Oh, those quatre-vingt and such. Like, seriously??

Yeah, the similarity is astonishing sometimes) Except I’m a book nerd and a language-obsessed thing) You can’t imagine how much I can bore people with the dissection of whichever word I fancy that week. Ah, and you’re a badass gamer, while I’m a chill one)

Yeah, it’s a shame about Gustave. But at that point, there was so much going on that I wasn’t too sad about it.
You’re so observant! Damn... And I just thought those warped buildings were some kind of calamity tied to the Paintress...
Have you been listening to the lyrics in the songs? I don’t think I understand why they don’t make sense so often. >_>

Yeah, I even checked just now. I got married for the first time in 2012, then for the second time in 2013, so yeah, I hit thirteen years this year. Damn, that’s long. The novelty wears off somewhat after the first time, though.
Why? You’re not going to preach about eternal love and the sanctity of two souls bonding, are you? You don’t seem like the type, but I might be wrong.
My birthday is August 31st) Yours?

Oh? And what did you even do in Minecraft? They say all these nice things about how much freedom it gives you... And I don’t even know what to do with it)
Yup, I’ve heard of Terraria. Never played it, though. Are you into stuff like that?
Ooh, have you played *Oxygen Not Included*? I haven’t had any success with it, but it’s cute, and I liked the challenge for once.

Yeah, well, your openness makes me talk too. So thanks for that. Try to imagine how acidic that sounds in my head.
It’s great that you never picked up smoking. Yeah, quitting is a pain in the arse. Most of my friends started vaping when it became a thing. Oh, I warned them a lot, trying to make them see how difficult it is to quit and offering myself as an example. Nope. No one listened. >_< Vaping looks less harmful and addictive, I suppose, so people approach it less cautiously.

Do you two send voice messages? And you... like it? O_O It’s just that, in my experience, it’s a lot of um, hmm, er, and ahem, with very little sense. How does it work for you?
Aw, were you two bonding over Pikachu?)
Yeah, it was huge here. I don’t remember the cards, though... What was that about?
But we did have caps. Er... I think they’re called caps. Those round cardboard thingies. Not just Pokemon ones, but those were quite valuable)

Hehe)) Just so you know, that half-orc was a softie. Very cheerful and loving. With mild rage issues) And a greataxe.
She died saving the party. And later, for another game, I resurrected her as a skeleton gunslinger)
I’m just dying to create something less bizarre) But something tells me that isn’t an option for me. Last time I was thinking of a character, I came up with an undine barbarian. >_<

Aw, I know a gorgeous little song about paladins, but it’s in Russian, so...
Catch this instead: https://open.spotify.com/track/6gHsenqqwzj67gp1OzCIi2?si=B-xsXF4DQaSsxZCA9NxhVA
So you were more into PvE back then? Or were you also into PvP?

One day)) Well, in the meantime, you can make lists) There are lots of great games for VR; they’re just not advertised enough.
Before buying my own headset, I rented one. There was a wonderful game about fencing. And now I can’t find it! >_<

Aw, a bunch of people being shy around each other. That’s going to go brilliantly. XD
Yeah, adding a new player mid-game can be a real pain. You’d have to adjust things a lot. But do send me that handbook. Will it be enough for me, or will I have to look up more stuff?
Oh, tell me about how you lot created your first characters.
In our case, it took 8 hours! We gathered at my place, armed with books, phones, and laptops, to figure out the rules. There was a lot of confusion and bickering)

Awww... You looked up the classes. How nice))) That changes things, sure.
Add Russian lessons to the list of stuff we’re planning to do, then. XD And you’re going to have to teach me some English words too)) Fair exchange. Although I doubt you can impress me too much, but you can certainly try.
Using Irish in games is ingenious! I absolutely love the idea)
Hmm... Now I’m wondering whether I could show you what I can do to players someday - if we all click, I mean.

I don’t have a leather whip! *hides the leather whip behind her back.*
Actually... I just remembered that I do have one somewhere. O_O Well, not leather, but still. I made it as a prop for an NPC.

Oh, for fuck’s sake... “American culture in general no longer offered white people the same opportunities as other races, they said.” Yeah, wonderful... I like these people already. Here, they can be openly hostile towards people of colour. Good for them. Wankers.
“Liked the fact that LGBT is basically outlawed here in official ways”!!!!! >_< jdjrjskajsdhdjd!!!!
I wonder how they like it here these days.

> _> Jonathan... Being sensible is weird af.
But seriously, you’re like fresh air here.
There was so much noise here when feminists got loud enough about consent. I remember people mocking the idea a lot. Well, at least my friends shut up about it eventually. It took a lot of talking, though. And yelling. And a very personal story to rattle them thoroughly.

Er... I can be very supportive while you’re trying to fight off the clown. Would that work? Go, Jonathan!

Well, you can think of your cat as a Benedictine monk)
Which reminds me: have you played or watched The Pillars of the Earth? I’m a huge fan. Well, mostly of the book, but the rest of it was pretty nice too.
What kind of dog did you want when you were a kid? Any preferences?

Oh, I thought about you last night while watching a show. There was a moment when a character muttered something I didn’t catch. And there were no subtitles, so I had to rewind it several times to figure it out. Didn’t get it anyway. >_< If we’d been watching it together, I could’ve just asked!

I also keep forgetting to ask: in Russia, Telegram is huge, even though it’s blocked here. Everyone uses it. And since the war, it’s become the place where you can get honest news.
But I’ve heard that in Europe, it’s considered a place to buy and sell drugs. Is that true? What do people prefer instead?
And how big is Facebook these days?
Also... No. No, Jonathan. Those pancakes are wrong. Nope. Unacceptable.
They look wonderful, though, painful as it is for me to admit.
Jul 5
Kaktysshmanchik
2:42 AM
_Jul 5, 2026_02:42_0.jpeg

Reading is hard(((
jsammons90
2:44 AM

They're surviving....so far....

Kaktysshmanchik
2:45 AM
Tell me everything as soon as you can! With details))
jsammons90
2:45 AM
I'm dying to respond to your last message! I will fill you all in asap :)

jsammons90
4:19 AM
Well, it's hard to know that you sent a message (especially after I've read it) and not try to respond...I guess I really enjoy talking to you or something! Uh-oh, all good with the dentist? Well, of course it's not good, but hopefully whatever you needed done wasn't too bad? Do you have health insurance or anything through work that helps with the cost of medical bills?

It can be so tough. I would love just wake up, feed myself, and then crash on the couch for the day. I don't know the last time that I was able to do that - have absolutely nothing to do. I know that they won't always be this young and at some point they'll grow paste all of it, so I've heard that you should try and really enjoy all of the attention that they need while they're young, because it kinda hurts when they don't need you all the time anymore. I try to look at it that way....but it still doesn't change the fact that some days I really just want to lay on the couch and do nothing XD Well, TECHNICALLY you can get tattoos removed, so that guy was full of shit. Also, trying to tell other people how to live their lives, sounds like a lovely person >.>. Oh Kathy, you have no idea how much my ego has been inflated, all thanks to you - so, too late, it's gone to my head! :)

Oh, I meant that we've talked about it for a couple of years now. To completely remove any mystery or vagueness from it, I'm referring to the whole intimacy side of the relationship, but I'm pretty sure you knew what I meant. It's been brought up a few times in the past and there was always one reason or another that she wasn't feeling it. Too tired or not the right time or just not in the mood. We did find out that she's anemic which really kills energy levels and she's been trying to get that fixed, but the health system in Ireland works really slowly. So, since the kids came along, all of that side of things just fell off a cliff which really drives the loneliness feeling when you don't feel desired and stuff. Of course she tells me that she's still attracted to me and stuff, but when there's no action behind it, that reassurance fades quickly....Intimacy happens maybe once a year at this point? Sorry, this may be really uncomfortable stuff to respond to so I'm not expecting a response - I think it's more just me typing it out to kind of processes it all as well.

Oh, I absolutely agree that if people aren't happy together, it's better for both to go their separate ways. Joanna's sister, Maria, is currently struggling with her marriage (it's been a battle for years) and I have a feeling that they'll split once their youngest son is a bit older (he's 13 now). If two people don't want to be together and are only staying together for kids or something, kids will pick up on the bitterness and stuff and I think it just makes things worse.
Hmmm, how much will this book allowance cost me each month and how much library space are we talking here?

Well if we were the EXACT same then it would be boring, wouldn't it? :) And, can you please share your word for this week?

Funny enough, Kyle was watching me play and told me that the song playing is literally explaining the story, but it's in a mix of Latin and French so you don't know what they're saying, but if you listen you'll hear Verso and Renoir mentioned in the song. I thought that was a really cool touch!

Well now, Kathy. You see, when a man and a woman marry, it's a sacred act of two souls bonding....What happened with the first marriage if I can be so bold to ask?
Gonna have to write that down now! Mine is April 13th.

I just built some random castles and stuff, it got old after awhile because there wasn't too much in it back then. Then I played on a modded server with some friends at one point with nukes and stuff - that was interesting. It reminds me of another game called Project Zomboid. Fantastic zombie survival game, but there's no direction or anything, you have to make your own fun in the sandbox. It inevitably gets dull on your own after awhile. I think Terraria is still my most played Steam game....yep, 634 hours....Terraria has great progression though so it keeps you going - loads of bosses to fight and stuff. I've heard of Oxygen Not Included, but I've never played it and not really sure what it's all about, other than it's a good game! I think it's by the same people as Don't Starve and Don't Starve Together?

My openness is corrosive...nice. Vaping is so bad, worse than smoking I would say because of how harmless it looks, plus all of the flavors that you can get. It's no wonder it seems to be skyrocketing in popularity.

Yup! Joseph is really good at sending voice messages and just....talking. That dude can talk, so it makes it easy to respond, but I do feel like I stumble over my words a lot more than he does and do a lot more of the 'ummms' and 'hmmms'. But, at the same time, tones and all of that are a great way to convey your meaning when talking about something. It's much worse, I borrowed his Gameboy Pokemon game and was planning on not giving it back (what a little shit I was), but his dad called one of my parents and talked about it and we ended up hanging out and becoming best friends. I have a lot of great memories with him and his family, but we went to different schools so it's amazing that we stayed as good of friends as we have.

The cards were just a lot of fun to collect and try to get the rarest ones. I remember being obsessed with it for a time as a kid. That reminds me, have you ever played Magic: The Gathering, that card game? Caps....are you talking about Pogs? I remember those before Pokemon cards: https://kalamazoomuseum.org/blog/the-history-of-pogs-a-fun-childhood-game

Oh yeah....real softie, just doing softie things like massacring a bunch of half-lings....remind me to never see your 'softie' side, please. O.O I'm really seeing a lot of rage issues through your character choices here XD Barbarians rock though, so I can't really fault you >.>

Hahaha, what a great song! XD I've now added it to my liked songs. Oh yeah, I never really got into WoW PvP - definitely PvE there. I think the only games that I would really play PvP would be shooters because they're simple, point and click :P

Ahhh, don't worry - they're a good group of guys that just like to have fun and laugh. Here's a link to the Google Drive with all of my books: https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1heYJZt8JN3ugYHdOy5gcXELf4GhCuYlP?usp=sharing
You just need the Players Handbook to get started, but I would say just take a look at races/classes to see what you might like and then I'm happy to help fill in any blanks or answer any questions for you :)
Oh my, 8 hours to create the first characters - that intense! I just did a session 0 with the guys after they had taken a look at what they may want to play and we spent a couple of hours ironing out the details and getting character sheets put together.

Since we're on the topic, tonight's session went well! We picked up right after they had killed that young dragon, Cryovain, and then they went back to Phandalin. Tsuyoshi (the Samurai character controlled by Jimmy) went back to his sensai to present the head of the dragon and de-brief and word spread through the town. People came to gape at the head of the dragon and celebrate its demise - so the alcohol flowed freely and a party erupted in the town. Everyone was there, except for a few key characters - Sildar, Gundren, Halia, Glass-staff, and some henchmen. The party set off for Wave Echo Cave the next day and followed the footsteps of the group that had left the day before. They entered Wave Echo Cave and found Gundren's dead brother, fought some Stirges, some reanimated skeletons, and some Ghouls. Also, there's a strong magical presence or curse on the cave, so at one point I had them all roll saving throws and Tsuyoshi and Maglor both failed. They were mentally transported back to events in their dark secrets and took psychic damage. They're trying to find the source of that at the moment in the cave (there's an old, dead, powerful wizard causing it) along with finding the group that came ahead. We called it there for tonight since it was 2AM for Kyle and he was having trouble focusing!

Hmmm, I'm going to have to really think about English words to teach you. I feel like you're so well versed in English that I wouldn't know where to start with things that you may not know. Hell, you will probably end up teaching me both English AND Russian! XD I will think hard though - I'm determined to impress you now...

HA! I knew it - you can't hide that side, I can see right through you! XD Funny though, I remember I did have a leather bull whip when I was a kid. It was cool to do that cracking thing with it where you whip it and it makes that loud, whipping 'crack' noise.

Well, I'm certainly flattered that my thoughts and opinions mean so much to you, truly. Was the story that you had to share the same one that you told me about the little strange bus thing and that creepy dude? If it's another story, you don't have to share or anything, just curious - don't want you to have to revisit anything that's traumatic.

Oh, well in that case, guess I've got an abandoned building to go and check out!

"Well, you can think of your cat as a Benedictine monk" - Too funny XD
I always liked bigger dogs, labs and stuff. One of my step-moms had a lovely chocolate lab, she was such a nice dog. They have lovely temperaments as well :)

Awww, you were thinking about me when I wasn't around, how sweet! XD What show were you watching?

Huh, I've heard of telegram but I've never used it and I don't know anyone that uses it. I don't think it's much of a thing in Ireland. Most people here use WhatsApp for communicating. Facebook isn't used too much these days either, at least not by the younger generations. I think older folks than us still use it, but Reddit is the only form of social media that I'll look at. I have no idea what all the kids are using these days - Snapchat? Instagram? Twitter? No idea.

I'll take that as a gold star for the pancakes, then. And on that note, I need sleep - goodnight!
Kaktysshmanchik
1:16 PM
“really enjoy talking to you or something” — this isn’t going to my head. Not even a little. Nope. We’re both very chill. Or something. XD
Nah, I just came to show off my teeth. Miraculously, I was told I’m fine. Yeah, I do have health insurance, but I don’t like the options they offer.
Basically, we have three options here. We have “free” healthcare — the kind I pay for with my taxes — and it’s awful! You go in and wish you were dead. The attitude is horrible, and the conditions are worse. Then you have insurance through work, if you’re lucky. It depends on your employer, but it can be really great. Overall, mine is pretty decent, since it includes dental care. But yeah, like I said, I don’t like the options they offer. So I opted for the third option: I pay for some things myself.
How does it work in the US? Everyone says it’s a mess, but I know sod all about it.

Oh, you’re gonna hate me now)) At weekends, I’m often living your dream. I wake up and then circulate between the sofa, reading nook 1, reading nook 2, and my PC for the whole day.
What about nannies and such? Grandparents? Here, grandparents are usually deeply involved. I remember being sent to mine for days. At one point, I even lived with my granddad for a few years, but it wasn’t so my mother could have fun — she was working a lot, which is why she needed me off her hands. Still... There’s even a joke that, in Russia, most parents are the same gender: mother and grandmother.
Remove my tattoos??? Take it back! *Shh, poor loves, he didn’t mean that.*
I’m glad all that ego-stroking is doing things for you. Enjoy it while it lasts.

Huh... Well, I’m kinda glad you said that bit about intimacy — it makes me feel less like I’m a fuck-up, because the same thing is going on here. Well... not exactly the same, but still. It’s just that, without any emotional connection, I feel like a piece of meat, so I avoid that feeling at all costs — and then feel guilty afterwards. Cheerful little exchange.
It’s not that I’m physically unable to leave, but marriages get tangled up in routines, property, pets, friends and a hundred practical things. With Russia being Russia, the legal side is especially complicated. So, yeah. I understand how something can be wrong for a long time and still not have an easy solution.

Oh, that reminds me of a family I used to watch on YouTube. They both have children from previous marriages and children together; their ex-spouses are remarried too and have more children. And every so often, they all gather in this huge, loud mess. I don’t know how much of it is a performance, but it looks great. Very healthy and happy. And they shuffle the children between the families too, so everyone gets time with everyone.
Well... I already own more than 350 books... And last year, I spent $750 on books. That doesn’t include bookmarks, notebooks, ink, or merch. So... not so much))

Oh, my favourite these days is “exsanguination”)) It’s so wild that you have a specific word for it. Yeah, “bleeding out” is an option too, but that’s not the point.

Yeah, the songs are a mess. Even if you translate everything, they don’t make sense like normal lyrics. There’s a plot in most of them, but it consists of bits and pieces, random words, and vibes)
By the way, Kyle sounds like a huge nerd))

Oh, the first marriage was a shitshow that lasted for a few months. We got divorced, and then I was stalked. And later on, it was so fucking creepy to receive a few messages from him every once in a while. The last one was three or four years ago, so I have high hopes that he’s forgotten about my existence)

Hmm... Yeah, maybe Oxygen Not Included is by the people who made Don’t Starve. Huh. It looks pretty similar. The mechanics are different, though.
I suppose Minecraft is intended to be played with someone. Like most sandbox games. I get bored with them so quickly on my own((
634 hours... Yeah... Okay. I’m not sure I have anything I’ve played for that long. I do have 350 hours in Baldur’s Gate 3. And 2,417 in Clicker Heroes... It’s just an idle game, so it’s different)) Although, if I had Mass Effect 2 on Steam, I bet I’d have an embarrassing record of how many hours I’d spent shagging Garrus. XD
Do you still play Terraria?

Gods, male friendships are ridiculous)) Every story I’ve heard starts with “I was a little shit, he was a little shit,” or something like that. Cute as fuck, though. I don’t think I’ve ever heard of a female friendship starting like that.
So you just push through all your hmms?) I think if I were sending voice messages, I’d write everything down first. XD

Pogs... Hah! Funny little word)) Yeah, those. Were they a huge deal back then?
Nope. I’ve heard of MTG, but I’ve never played it. That would mean I’d have to meet new people)) But I like the idea and the community. And some of the cards are soooo pretty! Have you played it?

Uh-huh... I’m going to write down that you like PvP shooters because they’re simple. Right next to the fact that you shot several guys in Tarkov because a pixel breathed funny.

Yeah, well, we have zero chill when it comes to creating a perfect character)
I already know I’m going to play a barbarian) And I’m going to try very hard not to make your life more difficult, though. ^_^ But no promises. I’ve suffered through my players breaking my games for so long — someone has to pay for it.

Wow... Your party is efficient)) How do you manage to do all those things in one session? My players mostly just stand around and poke at walls) The last thing I prepared for them was a one-shot — it took them three sessions to finish it!
Actually, I also wanted to say how much I appreciated you replying immediately yesterday. That was... yeah)

Anyhow. Since we can’t manage to schedule a call, I might as well share my battle house rules here)
When there are lots of minions, I usually give them 1 HP, and they deal double damage. A boss would have half their usual HP and also deal double damage.
I also group everyone by initiative: 1 to 5, 6 to 10, and so on. The players have an advantage here — I move the lowest ones up to pair them up with someone else. That way, they can cooperate. And it makes managing battles easier for me.
What are your players more into? Battles or talking?

Please do) You’ve already taught me “in work,” so you’re doing brilliantly. You should lean into the Southern flavour — dialects are the best. ^_^

Mm... Well... The story was about how I once went to my boyfriend’s place to celebrate New Year. Everything was fine until, at some point, an ex texted me to wish me a happy New Year. So the boyfriend got pissy. One thing led to another, and there I was, frozen and not understanding why I was being fucked against my will.
I might have told the story more bluntly, though... Oh, how uncomfortable they were, sitting there and listening. XD Well, that’s what you get when you say consent is overrated and makes men uncomfortable. It also somewhat fixed that idiocy about “What were you wearing?” At least they don’t say it out loud anymore. But I still can hear them thinking it sometimes.

Yeah, I can see the appeal of big dogs. You can just grab them and hug them. But I’m more into smaller ones lately — the ones that fit on my lap.

Hah, as if you don’t do that.
Anyway. The show was Shrinking. It’s just that sometimes, in films, they mutter something, and I can’t let it go. >_< It’s not that important to the plot, but still...

Funny how that works... Here, WhatsApp is for old people) Like, my grandparents use it) Slightly younger people — the ones in their twenties — love Instagram.
But Telegram is the most popular, especially among the opposition.

Now... I’ve started reading Fried Green Tomatoes. That means you’re going to have to watch me do it)) Sorry in advance.
Like this. I laughed so hard here.
The book seems warm and adorable so far — everyone is so sweet. And Cleo Threadgoode — the old lady telling the story — seems lovely.
Actually, I’m reading it in your voice, since you’re from the South and you recommended the film, which led me to the book. It’s your fault.

Kaktysshmanchik
1:43 PM
Aw(( there's no way to attach a video here. I wanted to show you a scary doggo!
Jul 6
jsammons90
1:53 AM
Sorry, gonna message back ASAP in the morning - wasn't able to get a chance today >.<
jsammons90
12:51 PM
Oh yeah, we're both super chill, for sure, for sure XD
Well I'm happy to hear that you were all good at the dentist! In the US it's a complete mess. The level of health-care is great, you'll be well looked after - but you're also going to be in huge debt. A ride in an ambulance along will cost $5,000, then whatever is done at the hospital. The privatization of health care in the US has completely fucked the whole system over there - either be in pain/die or be in crippling debt. Ireland has free healthcare for a lot of people and if you do have to pay, then the costs are heavily subsidized, but the public system is sooooo slow. You'll be waiting years to be seen for something if you go public. If you want to have something looked after quickly, you have to go private. I have health insurance through work as well and that's what we use to go private most of the time.

Oh Kathy, hate is such a strong word....a seething aura of intense envy and jealousy would probably be a closer truth XD.
Grandparents definitely help a lot for a lot of families, but, sadly, it's not really an option for us. My mom is in the US and Joanna's mom actually lives with us, but spends her Summers in Donegal up north in the house that she built with her husband years ago. Her mom can't do too much though - she's plagued with crippling arthritis that makes it hard for her to do much. She doesn't drive or anything like that. Joanna's dad passed away about 15 years ago or so too, so he's not around either. Soooo, we don't really have anyone else to rely on.

Oh, I would never suggest that you remove your tattoos, they're much too nice! I just meant in general; your tattoos can relax knowing they're safe XD

I didn't realize that it's like that for you guys, sorry to hear that. Has it been that way for long? I can totally understand not wanting to feel used or like a piece of meat. You feel bad for avoiding the physical intimacy since that emotional connection isn't there? Personally I don't think you should feel guilty since you're looking for more than just sex. I know what you mean in regards to it being difficult to leave due to everything getting bound together. It's not as easy as just walking away.

Huh, I wonder which family that was. That reminds me of some these families that I've seen where they have like 15 kids or something and are portrayed as all super happy and everything. Then it comes out that there was a lot of sexual abuse happening behind the scenes by one or two of the brothers >.>.
Right.....so, you just need a library to live in....I'll see what I can do....

Oooo, I really like "exsanguination". I can imagine some high level vampire lord using it as he mocks and taunts the party. Definitely not stealing that....;)

Oh yeah, Kyle is a huge nerd and when something catches his attention, he really digs into it and finds all of the information about it that he can. That's exactly why he took to D&D so well!

Oh shit, I'm sorry to hear about that first marriage. Also, him stalking you...what the hell? At least you haven't heard from him in a few years, hopefully he stays the fuck away....Joanna had the same happen to her. The guy was a cop and the dude wouldn't take a hint. They dated for a bit, but for years after he'd try to call or send letters in the post - really freaked her out too.

Oh, that 634 hours in Terraria is nothing compared to how much time I've spent in Tarkov - I think I have a bit over 3,000 hours at this point......it's a terrible game, I hate it XD
"I bet I’d have an embarrassing record of how many hours I’d spent shagging Garrus" - Ahhhh, so I see that you have a type! XD
Kyle and I did a play through of Terraria a couple of years ago since he had never played it. I didn't think that he'd enjoy it since it's not the typical game that he plays, but he loved it!

Haha, I feel like I probably should write things down first sometimes, but we try to get a thought or two into each message and limit them to 2-3 minutes each, so it's not too bad :)

Oh yeah, I remember Pogs being a huge thing when I was a kid for awhile. It was the big thing to collect before Pokemon cards. MTG was the big thing when I was in high-school - we'd bring our decks and play every morning. I still have some cards and still enjoy playing. If I had someone around me that played, I'd probably be more into it. I think the artwork is what really drew me to it too.

Hmmm, writing things down about me, huh? Are you keeping a journal about me, Kathy?! XD Also, those guys shouldn't have been breathing that way >.>

Oh, don't worry, I'm not scared of you - do your worst with your Barbarian! :D

Haha, they're pretty good at keeping things going for the most part. They have goals in mind and they discuss prior to the session what they want to do. Oh, you mean Saturday night/Sunday morning when I was running the session? I saw that I had a message while we had it going and I definitely didn't get excited and have to read it as soon as I saw it XD Then I realized that you had just sent it and replied back :) I get the feeling that you may have been feeling lonely or something with how much that meant to you?

I feel so bad - my schedule is so shit and then with Joanna being around sometimes, it makes it difficult to actually get a call going....please don't hate me...That's definitely a good way to run bigger battles like that, especially with little mobs that the party can easily dispatch. My party seem to like about a 50/50 split between combat and roleplay. I do think that combat can be really fun, but roleplay is really where TTRPG's shine :)

Haha, the next time that we talk, I'll put on my 'southern' accent for you XD. I never really had one growing up, but I can put it on when I have to. I had a phrase that I wanted to share with you, but I lost it....hopefully it comes back to me...

So, the first thing that I'll say about that is that, based on what you said, you weren't fucked, you were raped :/. I would view fucking as being consensual and I think calling it that downplays what happened to you...I'm really sorry that you had to experience that, along with all of the other times that you've been sexually harassed that you've shared...it's so common for women too, the amount of sexual abuse and harassment that women experience from men, it's disgusting. I hope that they were uncomfortable and I hope that they understood why saying shit like that is so fucked up. I just don't understand why people (men especially) can't just be fucking decent human beings, ya know! Fuck....I'm just so sorry that you've had to experience all of this shit....not all men are terrible, I promise :/

The easy solution is obviously just to have all the dogs, right? That makes the most sense to me! XD

Whaaaat?....yeah, okay, you're right...I'll send a message back on here and then I'm checking 10 minutes later to see if you've responded, even though I know that there's no possible way that you would have yet....

Do you use much social media, like Instagram or anything like that? Have you been perusing the dark alleys of Telegram looking for some of that reefer madness, Kathy?! O.o

Uhhh, what are you apologizing for? I like this idea of you sharing your reading adventures with me! :D
It's interesting seeing the story from the book, Cleo is portrayed so well in the movie and that's what I'm imagining reading that :) She's so lovely from the movie portrayal...I think you'll really love the whole story :)
I'd love to hear my voice in your head XD

I didn't realize that you can't share videos on here, that's too bad :(
jsammons90
12:58 PM
Oh! Also, meant to ask you, have you ever played Disco Elysium?
Kaktysshmanchik
2:31 PM
In case you're checking messages every 10 minutes, I'm still on it :-P

jsammons90
2:38 PM
Less than 10 min ;)
Kaktysshmanchik
3:31 PM
Wow! 5 grand for an ambulance? O_O Here, it’s either free — but you’re going to be long dead and buried by the time they arrive — or... I don’t know... something like $50–100...
How do people even survive? O_O Are there charity funds or something?

Yeah... Sucks to be you, then. Seriously though... I’m feeling sad things for you right now, and I don’t like feeling feelings. Or naming them.
It’s curious how most governments want more children but can’t quite make life easier for parents. Yeah, there’s daycare and whatnot, but it feels like there could be more. Some kind of support groups, therapists — something easy to access.
So. What would your perfect day be like if there were no limits? Erm... physics, biology, and chemistry still apply as they are))

I’m not sure... It’s been like this for a few years.
Oh really? Huh... Okay, since Jonathan says I shouldn’t feel guilty, I’m gonna stop riiiiight... now. XD But yeah, I get what you mean. Cheers for the sentiment) It's okay though. I'm just not a fan of not being able to talk to someone, you know? Emotional stuff and all that. Although, I'm not good at it anyway, so))

I don’t remember what family it was(( Someone from the Netherlands. Sure, it could be very ugly on the inside, but it seemed okay on paper. Anyway, the idea is nice. Too often, there’s a lot of resentment between parents after divorce — and children have to live with it. At least that’s how it works here. Although I think younger generations, on average, are somewhat better that way.

Yeah, “exsanguination” is brilliant, but I always forget how it’s pronounced. XD English is an absolute bitch about its pronunciation. Well, every language is, I suppose...
What is the worst in English for you? I mean, what rules you absolutely could live without?

Aw, it’s great that you have such a friend. Nerds are underrated. Somehow, it’s still not a good thing to be one in Russia. But I like people who can get obsessed with something. I guess that’s why I like programmers. XD They can drone on about their code for hours. I understand maybe half of it, but I love to listen))

Three thousand hours. Why??? What is there to do for three thousand hours?? Isn’t it repetitive?
Garrus is gorgeous. Don’t argue. That’s just a fact.
I’ve heard Terraria still gets updates — years after release. That’s impressive, this devotion to the game from the developers. Still... It looks too complicated((
Do you have nerd places to... nerd? Here, there used to be lots of places to play Pathfinder, DnD, MTG, tabletop games in general. Do you have spaces like that anywhere near you?

Ah, but of course! I have a book notebook, a quotes notebook, another book notebook, and a Jonathan notebook. I keep it to write down all the moments when you think you’re being cute.

Wow, they discuss stuff away from the table? That’s great! Yeah, definitely better than remembering at the beginning of the game that they have full inventories of stuff to sell — and then selling it for a couple of hours. XD
I was just surprised you replied) My players would’ve given me shit if I’d started texting mid-battle) But I’d been reading, buried under dogs, and thought the picture might amuse you when you saw it. Anyway, I’m always excited to receive another message from you.

Nah, don’t. Not your fault. Life happens, and all that. We’ll get there)
Huh... I once made a short game for my party — solely for roleplay. Naturally, they found someone to fight with... They enraged a crowd after I gave them about a thousand hints about how displeased said crowd was with them — in all in all, they slaughtered half the village. >_<
Do you have any house rules?

Ah! O_O You just teased a phrase and... nothing! Now I’m gonna be dying here. You’re a cruel man.
And I do want the accent! Pretty please?

Aw, don’t be angry on my behalf. It’s sweet, though. I appreciate it, although I can’t seem to just say that without a layer of deflection over it.
And of course not all men are terrible. Some are rather lovely) I don’t hold a grudge against the whole gender) Just against a handful of morons. And the system)
I hate how some men don’t see how patriarchy fucks them over — and keep insisting on being miserable. More than that, they try to enforce that misery on other people too, men included.
So... what do you think, do you ever feel like you have to be a manly man or something?

Mm... Yeah... Having all the dogs would be great)) You know, I used to want to be a dog shelter owner when I was a kid. Right after being a princess and a cosmonaut, obviously.
Who did you want to be when you were a kid?

You can ping me on Discord instead of waiting for another reply, you know that? If you feel like chatting. That doesn’t mean I’m going to see it and have time to reply immediately, but still) I sometimes have stuff to share, but I withhold it until the next message — and then forget about it when I get there. XD It's kinda dumb.

Nope. I’m mostly on YouTube for news and occasional shorts brainrot — I hate it when it creeps up on me. And yeah, Telegram. We also have VKontakte — like Facebook. But there’s a tiny downside: it gives all your info straight to the police)) So I deleted my account.

Oh, actually, I fucked up her name)) She’s Ninny. I forgot that “Mrs Cleo Threadgoode” means she’s married to Cleo Threadgoode. >_< That always fucks with my head.
Anyhow. She’s so racist! O_O She kind of sounds sweet about it — easy to miss — but she talks about Black people as if they’re some kind of beloved pets.

Yeah, I’m not sure it’s your-your voice)) You could send an example sometime so I can compare. For science)
Ah.... Missed the Disco Elysium question.
Yeah, I've played it. But it encountered a skill check I failed - and the game broke! There were no way around it! O_O So I never finished it((( I'm sure they fixed it already, but I just can't start all over again right now. Maybe someday.
I've read the book though, naturally XD It's... definitely something... Very weird, foggy and trippy.
I assume you played? Big fan?)
Like... Maybe being careful is not enough? Could install railings or something. Just a silly thought...

Kaktysshmanchik
3:41 PM
Found this weird thing during a walk.
Alright. Done. Gonna check every 15 minutes now. I'm being strong here.

jsammons90
3:41 PM
*stares intently*

That....thing.....just looks like one thing to me.

Alright, going to finish reading your message now.
jsammons90
5:45 PM
A lot of people in the US just end up in a lot of debt because of medical bills unfortunately. They can end up spending most of their life repaying terrible debts if they're in a bad accident or get really sick or something. A lot of people will just avoid going to the hospital as much as they can - they have to basically be on deaths door before they go. You'll actually see people with GoFundMe's setup to cover medical debts/costs - it's pretty crazy but, we else can you expect about of the best country in the world - USA! USA! USA! XD

I think most governments don't really care TOO much about their citizens, they're just concerned with keeping the working/fighting forces going so they want people to breed like rabbits. They'll give just enough for families to get by, but that's it. Even then, some still can't make it by.

"Erm... physics, biology, and chemistry still apply as they are" - Well there goes my dream of just being a cloud and drifting through the sky >.>. Seriously though, perfect day...that's a tough one. Honestly, just a day's break where I don't have to worry about running around and cleaning up after or feeding other people would be amazing. Of course, I'm going to miss everyone when I go to the Philippines for work, but I'm really looking forward to having time to myself to just chill the fuck out. What about you?

That's too bad - have you guys talked about it much or anything like that? Also, please tell me to fuck off if you don't want to talk about it, I will totally get it.
Oh, that's weird, do you not have a couple of levers for controlling your emotions like I do? Sorry, I know, you can't just turn off the way you feel. That's a tough position to be in - I feel for you. I dunno though, I think you've been really good about talking about different things and opening up. I never would have imagined that I would get to know someone as well as I have gotten to know you on here in the space of, what, two weeks now?

Hmmm, I'm not sure what I would consider something I would do without in English, however I think you'll get a kick out of this. When I was younger in school, I was terrible at English. I just couldn't wrap my head around Adverbs, Pronouns, Nouns, Verbs - it all just confused me. But I somehow ended up with decent grammar and English.

Well, I've been playing it since 2017 or 2018, so that's 3k hours spread over like 8 years, but it also just has a really fun gameplay loop that's a bit addictive. Also, when you're playing with a friend, it's easy to just keep doing it over and over again.
'Garrus is gorgeous. Don’t argue. That’s just a fact.' XD
Yeah, the developers are amazing like that! I bought the game for like $5 and have gotten so much of my money's worth out of it.

Unfortunately, there's nowhere nerdy nearby to do that at - I'd have to go into Dublin which means getting a train or bus (fuck driving into Dublin, did that for too many years). There's a board game shop in Dublin where they sell MTG cards and stuff as well. I think that they have tournaments in there too, but I've never taken part there. Did all of the places around you end up closing down or are there still some around?

'I keep it to write down all the moments when you think you’re being cute.' - Wow, it must be pretty full then by now, huh? :D

Oh no, they end up sorting their inventories for a couple of hours?! XD Oh, my players can get over it while I reply to you for a minute. I guess it's probably easier for me to do when it's online versus in person too though....And yes, the picture did amuse me - very cute :)

I'm starting to wonder if.....your party are a bunch of murder hobos? O.o

Hmmm, I would say that there's definitely times that I would look at a guy and compare myself in some ways - probably with physical features or something. Like, a guy that can grow a beard - I'm envious of that because I can't grow facial hair for shit. Physique and all of that as well - but I'm also well aware that a lot of the stuff that's shown to people are these ridiculous levels of perfection that aren't really achievable unless you're dedicating all of your time to it. At the same time, I see some dudes going around calling themselves 'Alpha Males' or some shit and just think about how ridiculous they are and how they're not manly at all because they're trying so hard to show that they're not scared of anything when, in reality, they're scared of their own emotions. Do you ever compare yourself or your femininity to other women?

Princess and cosmonaut with running a dog shelter on the side - you really had it all figured out, huh? Thinking back now, I can't remember what I actually wanted to be when I was a kid....maybe Batman? XD I do remember that Brooke wanted to be a ballerina garbage woman though.

I try to avoid those shorts at all cost! XD I'll check YouTube for some videos that interest me from time to time, but I feel like interesting videos are being put up less and less. Oh, state sponsored social media - how lovely!

Oh yeah, you're reading a book about the south now, get ready for all of those racist undertones!

Oh no way, that's so dumb that the game got locked up on you! I was doing a play through one time, but ended up playing something else and never went back. I've thought about it here and there, but I've never tried it again. There's a game on Steam that I saw that I think you would like though...https://store.steampowered.com/app/2057760/Esoteric_Ebb/
I had no idea that there was a book about Disco Elysium! XD

What, put up safety features around a giant death machine? Are you insane?! I feel like that event happens pretty early on in the movie...how long is the book?
Kaktysshmanchik
9:08 PM
So... Scrubs lied to me about doctors being nice and loving? O_O
Do you even like anything about the US?
I can see the things you don’t like — you seem to be very informed about those. Looks like you’ve thought a lot about them. But do tell me something nice)

Yeah, well, they might not care, but then they won’t get children in the numbers they’d like. They won’t get the birth rate they wish for anyway — because of the second stage of the demographic transition — but they certainly could get more than what they get now. If they treated people better, that is.
Now that I’m typing out this “treat people better” thing, it feels like we’re livestock. >_<
I’m sure you’ve heard people panicking about humanity dying out or “our people (let's face it, our = white most of the time) are going to be replaced by immigrants.” What’s your take?)

Hmm... You’ve never told me when exactly you’re leaving.
Anyhow. I think on my perfect day, I’d wake up well-rested, which would be a miracle. No one in the flat. Actually, no one within a 1 km radius. Then I’d have a cup of coffee. Some reading after that — a perfect book that would catch me by the throat. Then I’d play for a bit. Maybe chat with someone who’d make me laugh)) Take a walk... Hmm. And lunch in a cosy cafe — again, no people. >_> Then I’d like to make something with my hands, without all the struggle over what it should look like. And, I suppose, read again until night, chewing cookies)
Do you travel for work a lot? It’s strange that that’s one of the few ways you get to chill out. And sad as fuck. I'm not over it.

Mm... We kinda don’t talk. Although today it’s been unusually chatty here. I guess all the laughing and grinning did it.
Er... Jonathan, it seems you don’t realise how much you’ve contributed to the whole “Kathy opening up” circus. I don’t do this. I joke, I faff about, I deflect, and I make things disappear. I say things in passing, but people usually don’t notice them, and that’s kinda by design. I do that with you too, but you keep insisting on being annoying by noticing stuff)
It’s easy with you. You tell me stuff — I tell you stuff. Then I notice that I’ve told you stuff and worry I’ve creeped you out))

Really? Huh. There are holy wars about whether we need ё and й in Russian))
And there are laws and debates about words borrowed from English. “Save the purity of the language.” Yup. The purest one is Latin. Doesn’t borrow words whatsoever. Great example.
I love English for it — it just absorbs and creates stuff.

So... mathematically, you’ve had at least one hour of Tarkov a day, every day, for eight years... I see) Not judging, though)

Aw, it’s too bad you don’t have a place to nerd((
Yeah, we have places like that here. Very few, though. I just checked — 6 are left. And that’s for a city of one million people. Some closed during Covid, for obvious reasons. Then the rest were finished off by the war and people getting poorer. I hope there will be more when this shitshow is over. Even though I wasn’t a frequent visitor, I loved the idea of such places. The people who go there seem nice.

Oh, sure. And I rate the cuteness of a phrase too. This one was 6/10, by the way. There’s a system and bookmarks and everything. It’s very serious.)

Hah)) I have a song for it) https://open.spotify.com/track/3QjO1QUSBJauCTKbR7NjCb?si=URgd8ft1Sp6kltOnrzRjUg
But no, I don’t think they’re murder hobos) They just think they’re very important. Still)
Your guys seem to have great discipline. Or it's just you who are great DM))

Well, IMHO, facial hair is overrated, so.
But I’ve never thought men were that worried about their looks.
Yeah, that perfection thing is something else... Too much work. Also, genetics. Besides, speaking of men, I’ve seen a study about what women think the perfect body type is. And it’s not what men think it is. But I can’t seem to find it. >_< Anyhow. The variety in taste is also something to account for. The same applies to women, I suppose. Or hope. XD
Of course I compare myself)) Constantly. But I’m all for being comfortable. And I like the rogue vibe)) So... I just look at ladies in pretty dresses and get jealous af. Comparing bodies is a whole thing too.

Jonathan... You should have picked Superman. It’s obvious — you already have glasses for cover!

Ah, my YouTube homepage is always full of something interesting. It looks rather depressing though — politics and game reviews)))
Well, before this whole mess, VKontakte was great, actually. I’d be so bold as to say it was better than Facebook — more user-friendly. Awfully popular. Less popular these days. I wonder why)

Ooh. Esoteric Ebb (I definitely did not read it as “erotic ebb” at first. Nope) looks intriguing. Added to my wishlist. ^_^
I saw on the Paralives Steam page that you have it on your wishlist. That doesn’t sound like you... Or are you into cosy games too?))

The book is 500 pages.
Yeah... Racism is huge there. It doesn’t look like the author is into it, though...
But it’s weird that no one in the 1920s–30s cares that Idgie and Ruth are very obviously lesbians. I can’t decide whether it’s just not a conflict the author is interested in or something else. >_<
Am I boring you yet?

I feel a bit stupid messaging you here and on Discord at the same time)))
Kaktysshmanchik
10:40 PM
_Jul 6, 2026_10:40_0.jpeg
Is snow really that rare there? When have you seen snow for the first time?
Kaktysshmanchik
11:22 PM
There’s this bit in the book that made me think...

A boy was killed by the American Legion. I don’t know if that’s in the film, so I’m going to tell you.

This boy followed Smokey around. I guess he ran away from home or something. So, once, the two of them were low on money, and they went to a park to sleep in one of the shacks there. Just as they settled down, there was noise and men running. Smokey and the kid ran, as did the others. After the Legion had had their fun destroying the shacks, Smokey returned to find the dying kid with his head smashed in.

And that reminds me of Dickens. In Bleak House, he has a character, Jo. He’s just there, sweeping the streets - throughout the book. And he’s constantly chased away — because he’s a nuisance. A dirty boy, trying to get by. The nerve of him! When he settles down somewhere to eat or sleep, there’s always someone telling him, “Move along.” Well, eventually, he falls ill and dies.

It’s sickening that an author in 1987 repeats what another author wrote in 1853. I’m sure you could write another version of Jo in our time — and he’d fit right in.
And the solution is always the same: move along, disappear, don’t be a nuisance who upsets people. >_<

Well, obviously, it's getting better these days. Still not enough.
Jul 7
jsammons90
12:02 PM
Oh, the health care people are very professional and nice. It's the admin people on the way out with their hands in their pockets that you have to watch out for :) Also, I never would have thought that you had watched Scrubs before! I used to watch that while playing WoW. Hmmm, I feel very anti-US these days - I think my pessimistic side is showing. That said, some of my fondest memories of my childhood are with Joseph and his family during the summer. We'd go to Emerald Isle which is a beach in North Carolina for a week or two - it was always so much fun. I'm dying to go back there again at some point. I also have really fond memories of the camping from when I was a kid, even if I did get knocked out that time by the bat. If you could go to any place in the US, where would it be?

Oh, I'm sure to plenty of people out there, we are viewed as livestock, as terrible as that sounds...Immigration is such a huge topic. That's one of those things that my mom goes on about that drives me nuts. Personally, I'm all for people trying to immigrate for a better life. Loads of people are fleeing conflict or the impacts of climate change and it's something that's only going to accelerate as times goes on. I think xenophobia is going to get worse and worse unfortunately....It's funny how I'll never hear shit about being an immigrant though because I'm white - show goes to show what peoples real problem is....>.> What's your take on it all?

Oh yeah, I'm heading out on the 25th of July and arriving during the night on the 26th. Wanna come to the Philippines? XD
Wow, that's a really specific set of events - I like how well thought out it is :) Wait, you're chatting with someone who makes you laugh? I wonder who that could be...Just going to throw this out there as well - I'm make some pretty good chocolate chip cookies from scratch...Your day sounds really nice though, I'm envious. I never really travel for work actually - this will be the fourth time I've traveled for work in 11 years. Work has brought me to the States, London, Costa Rica (right when covid was ramping up), and now the Philippines. I'm just happy that I at least have work to chill out at - I'd probably go off the deep end if I didn't have that >.<

Oh, wow - is it really tense there without much conversation or are you both just used to it now? Let's see, there was something about not stroking my ego in a previous message...where was it now... XD
Yeah, you've been so easy to open up and chat and everything, I actually can't imagine this other version of yourself that you keep referring to. I'm just gonna keep asking you questions and trying to make you laugh and see if you can ever eventually creep me out (that's never going to happen btw, you're too much fun to talk to). Cheers to being open and vulnerable with each other! :D

Nerd places are the best, I really wish there was one closer. Hopefully the ones around you stay open.

Oh shit, I'm gonna really have to up my game with these comments then - I didn't realize that bookmarks were being involved here!

That song was too funny and way too accurate XD. Oh, I'd say they just have great discipline! In fairness, Kyle helps keep them in line for me :)

Oh yeah, guys care about their looks as well - at least to a degree. I mean, I guess it's different for each person of course, but I would look at myself and want to make sure I don't let myself go too much or anything like that. Then at the same time, I wake up in the morning and my hair's all over the place and I just put a hat on when I'm getting the kids out the door, but that's because I don't have time to look after myself with getting them ready XD
Huh, I'm interested in this study - do you remember what body type was the most preferred? Also, yeah, everyone is attracted to something different. Just because someone is presented as the pinnacle of attractiveness or something, doesn't mean that everyone is going to find them that way. You're not much of a dress wearer I take it? Or just don't think that you can pull them off?

Hahaha, Batman is so much better than Superman though! Funny story, for my stag party (bachelor party) here in Ireland, they dressed me up like Superman for the day. The lads even put me up on their shoulders at one point so that I could 'fly' down the road XD

Wait, that's NOT erotic ebb?! Fuck, nevermind, my bad. It looks really interesting though - it actually made me think of Disco Elysium the other day when I saw it. Oh yeah, I'm into cosy games as well. I've played loads of The Sims in my day. I enjoy creating little lives and living them out on there. I take it you enjoy them too? Also, Stardew Valley is a great cozy game - have you ever played that?

I'm actually trying to remember how it goes with Idgie and Ruth in the movie....it's been so long since I've seen it, I can't remember them just coming out and saying that their lesbian, but looking back, I'm definitely remembering the vibes that you're talking about. And no, you don't bore me, if you did - I'd be playing a game right now :)

Oh, feel a bit silly doing that, huh? Just like I did yesterday! And right now!

Yup, snow is really rare in the south. We never got a good snow, maybe just a bit of a dusting. I didn't get to see real snow until I went on a ski trip with friends up north when I was a teenager. That's why I have this romanticized idea of snow!

That part from the book actually wasn't in the movie from what I can remember. But yeah, black people were just seen as dumb animals and sub-human in the south. I remember my own family members calling people a, "dumb nigger", once or twice too, unfortunately >.>
jsammons90
1:04 PM
_Jul 7, 2026_11:04_0.jpeg
Bonus cat
Kaktysshmanchik
2:21 PM
Come on! Scrubs is really popular) It’s like having watched Friends! Have you seen the new Scrubs season? It’s not as bad as I expected it to be... A bit repetitive — too many callbacks, but still warm and funny)
Aw... You had a beach right in the state. That sounds so cool! Here, I do have rivers. One is an hour away from me on foot. But the water is kinda meh. Not horrible — just looks meh) Hmm... I’ll try to find a picture.
Do you have an actual plan to go back there, or just a vague idea?)
Hmm... I really don’t know where I’d want to go in the US. In my imagination, it’s all huge, loud cities — I’m not a huge fan of those. And alien attacks. Also, you’re making a poor case for the US, you know?) What would you recommend?

Oh, I’m okay with immigration. It’s healthy — for the community and the economy. Different faces, traditions, languages — all great.
But I don’t like how Russia handles it. I’m not talking about these days — immigrants now are supposed to feed the war machine. But even before that, most were forced into isolation and illegal living. And it’s a cursed circle: immigrants are forced to live somewhat criminal lives — locals hate immigrants — immigrants are forced further into shady corners — more hate.
Oh, I saw a sign near where I live. There’s a bus stop, and beside it, there’s a sign saying something like “the gathering place for immigrants to board the bus.” That’s sickening. The next step is separate entrances and all that. It’s not widespread, but it happens anyway.
How do Irish people react when they realise you don’t speak Irish?

Ah, sure. I’m already packed and ready to move out) That’s why I was asking about the date, obviously.
Yup, I have this guy here — he’s very funny, makes me smile a lot. Has a nice voice too. I could introduce you at some point.
Aw! I love chocolate chip cookies! That’s very American of you. XD
Well, I hope you’re going to have enough time to chill) It seems like you desperately need that. The Philippines look gorgeous in photos. Are you planning on going out to see what they have to offer?)

Nah, not tense) Just normal, I guess)
Mm... I dunno, Jonathan. I don’t think I’m stroking your ego. Surely I never meant to))
I’ve actually been wondering whether that’s an American thing or a you thing — the way you talk) I definitely have a Russian thing going on) Well, and a me thing on top of that — to make it more fun. People in general don’t talk much here. Unless they're drunk. And I was taught not to ask too many questions. It was a struggle for the first few years of QA, since asking questions is in the job description. XD

You make Kyle sound like some golden boy)) Does he have glasses? >_> He sounds like he does. And perpetually messy hair. Maybe a bit like Piggy from Lord of the Flies, but I imagine him lean. >_>

Yeah... You say guys care about their looks, but that’s not what I keep seeing around me)) I mean, when I go somewhere, I sometimes sneak a glance at people. So, generally, here, women are gorgeous and trying very hard — clothes, makeup, hair, all that. Guys are more chill. Except for teens — they just go for it, dressing absolutely ridiculously. No matter their gender. Yeah, teens are great that way) Rather bold. I wonder how they grow into boring adults((
Nah, sorry, I don’t remember the body type)) Something about being tall. Shoulders were involved too. And not being too ripped) But yeah, I’ve discussed it with a friend, comparing notes — she’s into elfy lads, long hair, all that. I can’t say I’m like that at all. And it’s definitely not what’s expected from a man in the society)

Hah!) So you are kinda Superman) Noted.
But why is Batman better? >_> He’s all broody and tragic. And he has a butler! That’s obscene!

Yeah, the “esoteric” bit was greatly disappointing.
Do you use motherlode in The Sims? >_>
Of course I’ve played Stardew Valley)) Who do you think I am?) Romanced the hell out of Sebastian)) There’s also a Baldur’s Gate 3 mod. And it’s pretty good.
Paralives is a bit raw now, though(( That makes sense, since it’s in early access — I hope it gets better.
Ooh! Speaking of early access... Have you seen this? https://store.steampowered.com/app/3156770/Witchfire/
I absolutely love it. Even though it’s hard af for me)) Very challenging — especially at the beginning.

Yeah, well, in the book, it’s not only vibes) Pretty obvious)
Aw, choosing a letter (yeah, at this point, these are full-blown letters) over a game. I’m going to add this to the “Jonathan being cute” list.

So, what was your first impression of real snow?)
I usually envy those countries where there’s little snow, though. All those American films where they wear thin jackets in winter, complaining about the horrible cold when it’s –2)) But then again, it’s not fun when it’s +30 in summer. >_<
Oh!!! Have you ever seen a tornado? O_O

Mm... Yeah, I can imagine. My family is the same way about Jewish people. Sorta. More like “I’m not antisemitic, but...” And they always seem to know who is Jewish — like that’s sooooo important for forming an impression of a person.
I was a bit shocked to see “nigger” in your message, though)) It’s funny how slurs are avoided at all costs these days - even in quotes. Naturally, I’m going to talk about books again. XD
So, I like when authors use the n-word to show a character, to show the harm a word can do. King does it, McCammon too, Whitehead, Walker. It’s such a great way to make a reader feel how bad it might feel. But noooo... We tend to overcorrect so that some bully can’t use a slur in a book. Like, those authors I mentioned made me feel the impact on the main character. I dunno... Seems like a useful instrument.

Anyhow. I found this thing:
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.ainr.lordofthesteps
https://apps.apple.com/us/app/lord-of-the-steps/id6760113106
I dunno. Might be useful since you’re picking up running) I have a group code too, if you’re interested: RL72D4 — there are my friends and a colleague there. I’m trying to pull another colleague in, but she’s resisting. >_>

Yay! Kitty! Cutie. ^_^
Kaktysshmanchik
3:47 PM
Just random shit I found while looking for that river photo


Blurry as fuck, but still... Pretend you're looking at him without glasses))

Kaktysshmanchik
3:57 PM
Couldn't find it(( Oh well
jsammons90
5:11 PM
Whaaat? I would never think that Scrubs was as popular as Friends was. I guess I've never really spoken to anyone outside of the US that knew what it was, but I guess I was asking them either. I actually had no idea that they made a new season. Oh yeah, North Carolina has beautiful beaches and it's all really lovely. South Carolina where I'm from has beaches too, but they're not as nice, even though they're just up the coast from them. Myrtle Beach was the beach in SC that we would go to sometimes, but it just felt....dirty there? Emerald Isle in North Carolina was so much nicer. Do you enjoy the beach or rivers and swimming?

Well, Joseph is getting married next year, so I'm planning on going over for his wedding. It should be all good, I'm really looking forward to seeing him again in person. The US is definitely huge with a lot of open space. Where I'm from, there's a large town, but definitely not a city. The closest city to me was an hour away. Honestly, if I would recommend any place, it would be Emerald Isle lol. That said, it could just be childhood nostalgia talking, ya know? Also, I don't think aliens have ever blown it up, so that's a plus. Where would you recommend in Russia?

Oh, wow. It sounds like Russia is going full-blown segregation with it over there....is it all immigrants that are treated this way or just those that aren't white? That sign that you saw reminds me of the signs that they used to have in the south for whites and blacks. Even something like a drinking water fountain, they'd have one for whites and then a shittier one for blacks.
Haha, well, most Irish people don't speak or even really know Irish! Most will learn a bit in school, but they also forget it and don't really use it. It's a dying language - everyone speaks English here all the time. You'll see Irish on road signs and stuff, and the government has programs to try and keep the language alive, but it's rare to hear it spoken.

See, I knew you had ulterior motives!
So, I feel like I need to say something....I think it's pretty obvious that we're both flirting with each other (unless I'm totally reading these messages wrong) in these messages and it's a lot of fun and I really like you a lot, but I also feel really guilty about it...I know that we've both shared issues from our relationships with each other and I think we're both finding a lot of solace in opening up to one another, but I also don't want to give you the wrong impression either? I guess I'm just afraid of this somehow progressing in a way that it can't....I hope that makes sense? If circumstances were different for both of us, then I would lean into it, but I just don't want to lead you on or anything like that...By the way, I'm not saying that I don't want to talk to you or anything like that, I just want to make sure I know where we're at I guess? I was really nervous bringing this up....

Hmmm, do you mean how talkative I am? To be honest, I'm usually really quiet and don't say much to people - really reserved. If I like the person that I can be talkative, but I don't like most people sooooo XD Do you think that you've become more talkative or open since working in QA? Since I really only know you from our conversations, I find it hard to imagine you any other way.

Well, Kyle is a great dude - we're alike in so many ways with the way we view things and the way we play games and everything, it's actually a bit creepy at times XD But about him wearing glasses - nope! He doesn't wear glasses and he's actually really into his fitness, works out pretty much everyday. He's a great friend. I've actually never read Lord of the Flies...O.O

Sounds like, based on the way that teens are over there, there's a lot of resistance to the norms and what society expects of them in the younger generation? Ah yeah, just a little ripped, of course >.> 'Elfy lads' XD

I've always loved Batman, Superman is just too OP that he's boring I think :/ Batman stalks the shadows and then drops in on unsuspecting foes, broodily...And Alfred is a loved and respected member of his family!

Haha, sorry to disappoint you! I only dispense smut on a Friday. Hmmm, motherlode...was that one of the expansions that they released? It sounds familiar, but I haven't actually played The Sims in years....I think that's why Paralives kinda stood out to me, since it had been so long since I played a game like it. I did hear that it was a bit raw at the moment though, I'm hoping that they flesh it all out and it turns out really good - I'd love to give it a good whack.
Oooo, Witchfire looks really interesting! I've added it to my wishlist now :)

Ohhhh, interesting - I don't remember any of it in the movie, but maybe I was just oblivious to it at the time. I haven't watched Fried Green Tomatoes in a very long time...
Yeah, you're right, these are full-blown letters at this point - I can only imagine how cramped my hand would be if I had to write these out instead of typing them XD

Oh, I loved the snow when I got to just run around in it and everything. I had a blast, the novelty of it is great. I'm sure that if I had to live with a ton of it each winter, I would hate it, but I would happily take a vacation to a snowy place as it is now! I would love to see how you would react in South Carolina when it's 30 degrees or so and 100% humidity...it's like walking outside and feeling like you're walking into a hot shower in your clothes - not a fun feeling XD
Nah, never saw a tornado. Fortunately there aren't really any in South Carolina. We had plenty of hurricanes though - not as powerful as when they first make landfall, but heavy rain and winds....I actually love watching storms, do you?

Ahhh yeah, that 'but' is always what gives it away. "I'm not racist, BUT aren't people with skin colors different to mine just terrible?". I thought that by putting it, it would convey the full picture of what it was like for me as a kid. I don't remember it being said often, but if your mind goes to that at any point, it kinda makes that mask slip and you see the person underneath, ya know? I also find it interesting how words can have so much power...but it's all based on the power that people give it. So many words have lost their real essence, like epic or legendary, because they're constantly overused. I like what you said though, how the author using those words made you feel the impact - it really drives the meaning home.

:D I'm downloading this right now....thank you - that'll be great fun! XD Also, how sweet of you to share both the Android and Apple versions since you have no idea which phone I have - it's android by the way, fuck Apple. Which do you prefer?

Those photos are...PAWsome.....I'll see myself out now....But seriously, thanks for sharing, they're great photos :) How many minis do you have?
Kaktysshmanchik
7:21 PM
Yeah... You’d be awful in the advertising business... XD
Yup. I love swimming — I go to the river once in a while when the weather suits me. Also, sometimes we rent a house with friends on a river for a weekend, but that happens rarely. And I can’t quite get over the idea of being basically in my underwear in front of a bunch of people. XD So I usually just sit there, wait until they’re all done, and then grab a female friend to go swimming at last)) Yeah, who’s a numpty now?
What about other stuff? Are there those looooong straight roads with nothing at all around? Forests? I just love forests! I’ve always lived near one.

Aw, I’m glad for Joseph))
Yup. I googled Emerald Isle — it looks absolutely stunning, and I hate you a little now)
Mm... Russia... Tough question. In my head, it’s all grey and miserable, sorry) But I know a place or two) Although they’re all here, in Voronezh. We have pretty parks, pedestrian-only streets. There’s this tiny square where they sell second-hand books. ^_^ And in the city centre, if you walk just off the thoroughfare, it’s rather peaceful and sweet.

It’s not everywhere, mind you. I actually live in a small town next to Voronezh now. It’s just easier to tell people I’m from Voronezh than to explain) So, here, there’s a lot of resentment. It’s better in any bigger city. But if you ask a random person what they think about immigrants... Well... Jim Crow would be happy to hear the answer.
Yeah, I guess the sign is similar to your example. They even justify it — it’s there so they don’t have to guess whether a bus is for them. Only their bus stops there. It’s for their convenience. Sure, sure. Wonderful.
Ah... It’s always sad when a language is dying(( But it’s hard to keep it alive too, without forcing it. And as much as I love languages, I would hate them to become the reason people suffer in any way.

I can’t believe you’re reserved. Just can’t, sorry))
Gods, no! Opening my mouth at work is as hard as it was years ago)) The only thing my job has done to me is make me more pedantic. I’m very by the book when it comes to things where there is a book. You should see me cooking. XD Everything sorted onto its own plate, ready and chopped before I can start frying or whatever. It’s ridiculous, but I like structure)
Did your job change you in any way?

Really? I thought Lord of the Flies was very popular. Huh. Funny. Okay then)
There’s actually a miniseries that came out just this year. It’s a bit artsy for my taste, but I liked it nonetheless.
It’s about a bunch of boys who ended up on an island and went savage. Well... more or less)
It’s curious, though, that when the same thing happened IRL, the children survived just fine. They helped each other a lot, had schedules and all that. As far as I remember, everyone survived.

Oh yeah, the younger people are, the less they like what’s going on here these days. At least that’s what the statistics say. Funny generation... I think they’re going to do just great when the current old suckers fuck off) Well, I do hope it’s going to be them, not my generation or any older one — too much resentment there.

Ah, I see what the issue is. You just haven’t been a teenage girl watching Smallville))) In that case, you would’ve known that Superman is superior to Batman)

Oh, how disappointing... Tsk... Motherlode is a cheat code that gives you 50,000 simoleons. Essential, that one.
Have you tried InZOI? It’s supposed to be great, but I tried it and... meh... Just got bored within minutes. But maybe I’m missing something?

Nah, you would’ve been fine) I actually had a pen pal from the US. Don’t remember exactly where from, though... Simon, I think?... There were real letters, postcards, all that. We had to wait a couple of weeks for the next letter)
I was into Postcrossing too — I used to send postcards all over the world and receive them too. So much fun! Some people even used to add pictures of some nonsense they saw and liked)
Have you ever tried snail mail?) Or anything like that?

This is so wild))) I can’t imagine what it’s like to live somewhere where it doesn’t snow for at least a third of the year. And South Carolina would kill me) Make it +25, and I’ll be hanging by a thread, clinging to an AC)
Ah... Really? No tornado(( Well, fine, I guess... I don’t think I’ve ever seen anything like a hurricane either. The weather tries to murder you quietly here. Although... sometimes it snows so hard that you can’t see past your arm. Does that count for anything?)
What’s so captivating about storms for you?

Yeah, it was especially important to me, since here people rarely talk about racism as a problem. Or nationalism. Well, they do talk, but that’s never allowed to become loud enough. So seeing how a word can affect someone for the first time was a good lesson for me. I get enormously giddy now when an author does that — there’s some kind of hope that it’s going to affect someone the same way it affected me.

Yeah, I’m using Android)) I don’t know why anyone would pay that shitload of money for a phone. O_O I did use an iPhone once, though — for work, testing an app. It has a nice design. Gorgeous, actually. But the price... And all my Google stuff...
I’ve heard there’s also something going on politics-wise with Apple, but I’m not up to date)

*Dear diary, Jonathan thinks he’s being cute. Again.*
Not many... Like, 7, I think. I just wanted to try painting them, but I got bored pretty quickly) Maybe I’ll pick it up again someday)
Have you ever tried painting minis?)
jsammons90
8:36 PM
Yup, I wouldn't last the day. Exactly why I had to leave sales - I would be actively turning people from the store! Awww, it's sweet that you wait and grab a friend - that's brining one of Kyles words to mind for me - an accountabilabuddy XD
With the weather that Russia has, I imagine that the rivers is absolutely freezing when you do go swimming? Also, I'm still trying to think of something to call you since you called me a numpty, I've been coming up empty handed so far...

I ended up spending a lot of time at the lake on the marina when I was growing up because of my mom - my step-dad had his house boat down there and they'd all go out boating at the weekend. I actually lived on that house boat for awhile when he and my mom were staying in their apartment instead of living down at the marina constantly. It was pretty cool for a bit, but it was also winter and absolutely freezing (for me, I know what you're thinking >.>).
There's pretty much any climate or type of landscape you could want in the US. Plenty of long, empty roads through the desert, but also plenty of forests. If I was ever outside as a kid, I was probably out playing in the woods. I'd grab my BB gun and my backpack and go out for a trek.

I can't remember if I told you or not but I also lived in Arizona for a few years. It was so different to South Carolina because you could see for miles with nothing obstructing your view. In South Carolina, it's all woods and forests everywhere. There was one time that I drove from Arizona to Florida to try and move there (that didn't last long), but I ended up doing the drive in two days with stopping for sleep for 4 or 5 hours at a hotel for one night. It was something like 33 or 34 hours of driving....I do remember that a lot of it was driving through Texas which were these really long stretches of roads that went on forever with nothing around. I would put on the radio and I had a selection of about 5 radio stations, but they were all gospel stations -_-

Every time you tell me that you hate me a little, it makes me smile and lets me know I'm doing a good job here :)
I like the sound of this square where they sell second-hand books - very cute! Have you been around much of Russia? I know it's huge, so I'm sure that there's plenty that you haven't seen.

Seems to be the curse of smaller places outside of cities, people are less accepting of other cultures and everything...I was actually just talking to Joseph about this earlier today. He was saying when he came over, he didn't see anyone that wasn't white. He was right, but that was also because we were out in the countryside.
Jesus, that's gross justification...makes me think of the towns people saying 'for the greater good' from the movie Hot Fuzz. Have you ever seen it?

Yup, I'm normally very quiet! You bring out my talkative side :) I think usually I find it hard to find common ground with people and just end up regurgitating that normal small talk drivel that drives me crazy. It's nice to be able to talk to someone and have it be meaningful conversation.
Haha, I'm the exact same when I'm cooking something, unless I know the recipe off the top of my head! Structure is good. My job probably made me approach problem better. I'd like to think I've always been good at problem solving, but having to troubleshoot things for people all the time in work is where that probably came from.

Oh, Lord of the Flies is a very popular book, I'm just a heathen (curious now if you've heard that word before?). I had heard of the premise of the book, just never read it. I did hear that that miniseries came out as well, but from what I can remember, they kinda missed the point of the story or missed the mark or something? I can't remember exactly what it was about it, but just that it wasn't great. That's pretty crazy that it happened though - I'm gonna have to see if I can find the story....

Oh no, don't tell me you enjoyed Smallville! XD I could never wrap my head around that one (except unless you were a teenage girl seeing a shirtless guy tied to a pole/cross/something else that I'm misremembering). Lets have a show about Superman, but it's super low budget and he doesn't do much...this is of course a review from a person who has never seen a single episode of Smallville, but that's what I imagine it was like!

Uggghhhhh, I remember it now - yup, the cheat code. I feel that my gamer cred has taken a hit here now....I've heard of InZOI, but heard it was really rough around the edges as well, that it's missing a lot of essential features or systems or something. An online game like one of those would be cool to play together :)

Oh that's so cool! When was the last time you guys were in touch? I never even knew that Postcrossing was a thing until now, but it sounds like a lovely idea. I find it funny how much you enjoy people...from a distance XD
Unfortunately, I'm a creature that requires instant gratification, snail mail would never do it for me. I mean, could you imagine me sending you a letter and then standing at my door 10 minutes later waiting for the response? Embarrassing >.>

Well, clinging to the AC is what most people do to survive it! In places like that, you basically go from your air conditioned house to your air conditioned car to your air conditioned place of work. I will say though, Autumn felt really nice there and it was quite beautiful with all of the colors of the leaves.....there, you finally got me to say something nice about South Carolina XD
I would love to experience snow that heavy, I'd be like an over excited dog at the window! I dunno, I think I just find the power of nature fascinating or something...a good thunder storm with heavy winds and rain....I could just sit and watch that for awhile. Kinda like sitting and staring into the fire, ya know?

Agreed, I think Apple is a scummy company by trying to use proprietary hardware to fuck over their customers. I was delighted when the EU told them that they have to adhere to the USB-C standard for their charging cables and everything. I mean, I think Google is a really shady, shitty company too, but at least it's not Apple! XD

Oh, we both know I'm fucking adorable, no sense in trying to hide it anymore :)
I did one painting session with some friends once, it was a lot of fun. I wish I had a reason to have minis, but then I'd also have even less money than I currently do, sooooo.....I think it's one of those things that's more fun with other people around though. Especially people that are hilarious and great fun to talk to :)


*Kathy writing in her diary about me*
Kaktysshmanchik
11:45 PM
First of all... Jonathan, it’s not the North Pole) We have warm summers. But I find it absolutely adorable when you just say things about Russia. Keep ’em coming. But I did swim once when it was +5 — I was a kid, so basically immortal. Doesn’t count.
Ooh! I haven’t told you how I almost drowned once! So, I’m about 10–12 years old, and I go for a walk with a friend. It’s winter, everything is frozen, snow everywhere, everyone is miserable. And we end up on a frozen pond. I walk closer to the centre — and the ice just breaks under me! I’m panicking and all that. But I’m not alone, so the friend pulls me out, everyone’s happy and all that.
We ended up walking something like 5 km back home because when we got to the bus stop, we also popped into a shop and bought ice cream, and then we didn’t have any money left to pay for tickets... So... yeah... We weren’t very smart))
Aw)) I’m waiting for that, yeah) Actually, I suppose I might as well tell you that the “numpty” voice message is my favourite) You’re laughing and repeating it — and I’m a big fan of the word) I was so made up to hear it said out loud))

Were you staying in that boathouse alone? And with no heat? How old were you? >_>
It’s not like I have cold resistance either) I’m pretty much an orchid that way — the temperature has to be just right, or I start a riot.
Those long and empty roads always looked so weird to me in films. Just... nothing. O_O But I like how they look.
So, what did you do in the woods?) Was it some kind of game? I was usually looking for secret lairs. I was sure there had to be one somewhere. And I found one once. I don’t know what it was, though, but back then... it was definitely the lair of a supervillain. There was this chain-link fence right in the middle of nowhere — and nothing on the other side. I’m sure the building was somewhere underground. >_>

No, you never mentioned Arizona before. I’m still trying to figure out North and South Carolina though))
Wow... That’s a lot of driving. Sounds like you’ve had such a wild life) So, what’s the story behind Florida?
And gospel stations? Yikes... That’s so weird... I kind of thought their existence was a joke) Or maybe hoped.

Oh, that means exactly that. Er... I do hope you read all this nonsense I write exactly like that. I don’t mean to ever offend you. >_>
Yeah, I travelled a bit. For championships. I’m going to try to remember where I’ve been) But I mostly saw railway stations, cheap hotels, and sports complexes. Ah, and churches — because sportspeople are very superstitious. >_<
That reminds me. Everyone around me had some lucky charm to rub, kiss, or do some other weird stuff to before they went into the ring. And I was so jealous! I didn’t have any! I just didn’t know how magical thinking worked, so I was trying to experimentally find out what my lucky charm was by doing random shit. XD Nothing worked like a... well... charm. So I was very disappointed)

Hot Fuzz? Hells yeah! I love the whole Cornetto Trilogy)) Damn... I’ll have to rewatch it now... Why, Jonathan?(( I don’t have time for that(
I don’t know about other countries, but the farther from big cities you get, the worse it gets. In many ways. Yeah, racism, nationalism, queerphobia, misogyny, etc. But also conditions, education, jobs. People are poorer, more miserable — more bitter. Kinda makes sense.
Add to that a lack of information. People don’t know English — they only get local news. Hells, sometimes they don’t have internet altogether. No wonder they say and do idiotic stuff. Just 100 km from Voronezh, there’s a village. No internet whatsoever. I have a country house there or something — it’s a pain in the arse to even make a phone call there. You have to search for a spot where there’s any kind of reception.
Hmm... You know, I wear this bracelet with an engraving. It says something like “To think differently is a privilege.” It is. We’re so fucking lucky to have education, time, brainpower, will, and the means to think and talk about it.
Hah! That reminds me. We have a saying here. Kinda like “Obama/Biden pissed in a stairwell.” XD The thing is that the US is to blame for everything here — the TV says so. And many people used to blame Obama personally for everything: poverty, bad roads, you name it. And after some time, liberals started this: “Uh-huh, did Obama piss in your stairwell too?” Then we had to move on to Biden. Somehow, it doesn’t work with Trump that way — people love him.

Ooh, can you do small talk?)) I suck at it) I’m just err... mm... uh-huh... XD
Aw! I love hearing that I’m not completely mad with all those plates and bowls ready))
That’s a nice skill) I hate just standing there and staring at a problem in the hope that it sorts itself out.

Yeah, “heathen” I know)) Absolutely love it) Not sure how to pronounce it, but I love it anyway.
Oh no, I loved the miniseries! I don’t like all that “Ew, it’s not like it was in the book!” bollocks. It’s a separate story. Besides, Lord of the Flies is pretty close to the book as far as I can tell.
Don’t get me wrong though, I do compare films to books) I just don’t judge them in the process.
Here’s the story:
https://www.theguardian.com/books/2020/may/09/the-real-lord-of-the-flies-what-happened-when-six-boys-were-shipwrecked-for-15-months?CMP=share_btn_url

Yup. “A teenage girl seeing a shirtless guy.” That was pretty much enough) The tied-up part just added spice) I don’t remember much from it, really))

You think an online Sims-like game could be interesting? Hmm... Maybe. I’m just trying to imagine what we’d even do. I’m perfectly capable of removing a ladder from a pool while a Sim is swimming on my own))
Besides, I can see you optimising the fuck out of a household. XD
Palia has co-op, though. It’s about horses. Not exactly Sims, but cozy enough. ^_^

Oh, we stopped writing even before the war. I dunno... Life just happened.
Oh, I absolutely love people) As a vague idea) Such curious creatures! All those cogs in our heads, spinning and spinning. And everyone sees the world a bit differently. Gorgeous)
Yeah... That would be embarrassing)) But... you could start a new letter — one paragraph a day)

Aw)) See? It’s not that bad) I’m gonna make a patriot of you yet)
Ah, you mean watching a blizzard from inside a house! Uh-huh. Cute. Try standing at a bus stop for a couple of hours. XD That’s one of the reasons I hated working from the office)
But sure, watching the weather rage from behind a window sounds great. Cozy, even. There's nothing better than reading in my loggia on a rainy or snowy day. With a cozy blanket, a heater, and candles - absolute perfection.

Yeah, at this point, it feels like choosing between bad and worse)
That somehow reminds me of how I’ve been trying cruelty-free stuff. I was planning to swap my cosmetics and kitchen/bathroom stuff for things that aren’t tested on animals. Tough luck. I ended up digging through piles of sites and certificates — got me nowhere. There’s always a but, always a catch. >_<

Mhm... You’re smug. But fine. I like it.
Yeah, obviously, those people make life a lot more fun... But. Painting minis is stressful as it is) Why add more stress?
Do you by any chance have pictures of the minis from that painting session?)
Behold! The map of my adventures. Well... The ones I remembered)

Jul 8
jsammons90
12:35 PM
Well, you think people would at least take off the ushanka's during the warm summers >.> That time that you nearly drowned sounds absolutely horrifying! Also, you fell into the freezing pond and then had to walk 5km back home....soaking wet, in the freezing cold....how did you not die of hypothermia?! XD By the way, the fact that you guys got ice cream in the middle of winter after all of that gave me a chuckle - you're on another level with your cold tolerance XD

Ah yeah, I was staying on the house boat alone when I was 20 for a time. It was after Claire cheated on me and I moved out, didn't really have anywhere to go so I went and stayed on it. I had a propane heater to heat whatever space I was in at the time, so I made it work. It was an experience living down there - friends liked coming down there to party. I didn't drink before then either, so I was partying a lot then too.

"It’s not like I have cold resistance either) I’m pretty much an orchid that way — the temperature has to be just right, or I start a riot" - Refers to previous paragraph where you fell into a pond in the middle of winter and then proceeded to eat ice cream - I'm not sure how much I believe you on this one....
They're kinda surreal to drive on to be honest, but I like it. Kinda gives that feeling like you're the only person in the world for a bit - do you know that feeling that I mean? I also like it when it's the middle of the night and no one else is awake and you can just walk through a town without seeing another person, that gives that same kinda feeling.
Oh yeah, just walking through the woods to see what I could discover. There was this stream that went through some of the woods that I lived near that I would go and follow. I don't remember ever finding anything interesting though. I'm really curious about what you found that time as a kid though, so interesting...the mystery of it is killing me now! XD

Wasn't sure if I did or not, guess I'm trying to not overload you with all of my life at once XD. I left South Carolina when I was around 21 because Brooke and Bill were moving to Arizona and I had fuck all going on in South Carolina. Had recently gotten out of another relationship (Bethany this time) and I was just working at Geek Squad in Best Buy, but they would only give me so many hours each week. They did that to everyone though, just to avoid having to make people full time and pay them benefits (common practice in South Carolina, only the managers were full time employees). So, since I had nothing of note happening in South Carolina, I decided to move across the US with Brooke and Bill. I didn't realize what a great decision it was at the time, one of the best that I've ever made for sure. So, the part with Florida then. One of my closes friends back in the states was/is (we hardly talk anymore) Justin. We had gone to high school together, but he and his family moved to Florida after he finished high school. I had been in Arizona for a few years at this point and hadn't really made any friends there, so I up and left and moved to Florida where Justin was. I got there and any money that I had saved ran out quickly and I had little luck in finding a job, so I ended up returning to my old job in Arizona and moving back out there.

Oh, don't worry, we're on the same wave length, I know exactly what you're saying - it always makes me smile when I see those parts :)
Wow, that's a lot of traveling around Russia...that one all the way to the east, did you go to Nakhodka? By the way, I definitely knew that off the top of my head - I'm a geo-guesser pro and definitely don't have Google Maps open....How long did it take you to travel there?
I was also looking around Voronezh out of curiosity and found a recreation center called 'Bear's Den' - it just made me giggle. I'll share a screenshot of it.
Kathy, maybe the luck....was inside you all the time...*inspirational music rises, Kathy KOs her opponent, crowd goes wild* I'll take my Oscar now.

So, before I knew how much you also liked the Cornetto Trilogy, I liked you this much (pretend you can see my hands and I'm signaling a lot). Now, after finding out how much you love the Cornetto Trilogy, I like you even more (*hands extend further* you're impressed, I'm impressed, everyone claps). So, yeah, that's awesome that you love it too, some of my favorite movies - Simon Pegg and Nick Frost are the best :) Oh, have you ever watched the show Spaced? If you loved the Cornetto Trilogy, you'll love that too.
Having access to all of this information is the worst thing that authoritarian governments could really hope for, but it's a shame about people who don't have access like you were saying or, even worse, are willingly ignorant. Is your country house one that's been in your family, or is it just yours? Makes me think of the family house we have up in Donegal. There's no internet there, mobile reception is really poor. And, surprise surprise, it's one of the most traditional counties in Ireland and probably one of, if not the most, racist counties >.>
That's hilarious - I've never heard those statements before! XD It's eerily similar to what the Republicans in the US do though - just blame Obama/Biden for everything...it's like the Republicans and Russian government are sharing notes or something...

Oh, it's lovely weather today, isn't it, Kathy? I heard that it might rain next week. Read any good books lately? How's work going? *slowly prepares noose while making small talk*.
No way! It's the correct way to cook. I mean, imagine starting to simmer your onions, but then you don't have your garlic ready to go, along with your peppers or other veg, so then the onions burn and the whole meal is ruined? No, thank you! Actually, is there any food that you absolutely hate and will not eat?
Wow, I read up on those boys and that's an amazing story - it's incredible what they did and the fact that none of them died.

Haha, that just makes me think about your spice rating for your books (yes, I was very nosy when you shared your spreadsheet with me).

I don't really know what ones there are, but a game like that could be fun. Obviously, we have to beat Serious Sam together first though. Also, what's wrong with going through each stat on your Sim and working it to peak efficiency to make the ultimate Sim?! XD I'll have to look-up Palia - I feel like I've seen it on Steam.

People can be really amazing and do amazing things (like those boys). I think the thing that puts me off are ignorant people or the people that are typically shoved in everyone's faces these days, like 'influencers'. Even saying 'influencer' makes me twist my face. I remember visiting Justin once and asking his daughter what everyone in her class wanted to be when they grew up - the majority said influencers...I lost a lot of hope for humanity that day...-_-

Oh, well see - we've got a lot of work to do on that if you want me to be patriotic for the US!
Uhhh, yeah, I'm definitely not recommending standing out in the storm and thinking, "man, isn't this beautiful", moments before being struck by lightning! XD You've gotta be nice, cozy, and warm inside while you look at the devastation outside :)
Excuse me while I just look up loggia.....huh, learned something new.

Awww, that's really kind and sweet of you for trying to make a change and be cruelty free though. But, unfortunately, yeah - it's pretty much impossible. Companies love doing the bare minimum at something so that they can slap some BS label on their product to try and show how ethical that they are when, in reality, it's far from the truth.

Oh, I know, you liking it is why I continue to be smug. You're feeding into the cycle :)
Nah, I wish I had photos, but that was years ago - can't even remember which one I painted. But, if you have photos of yours, I would love to see them :)

Kaktysshmanchik
3:51 PM
Nah, ushankas are off only in the shower. Them's the rules.
I was a teen - they're kinda immortal) Totally different species. I don't know how I survived that, honestly. But oh boy, my mother almost killed me when I eventually got home. XD
Haven't you done any crazy shit that leaves you wondering now how you even survived it?

Ah, at least 20 is not that bad. I was getting ready to become livid)
The whole thing sounds bittersweet though... Claire and the cold on the one hand, friends and partying on the other hand. Although, remembering the parties I've been to, I doubt yours were as sweet as I'm imagining))

Ooh, you had a stream? Damn, I envy you! There could've been treasure at the end of it. Or maybe gnomes living somewhere around there - I'm sure they need some kind of water source.
I've only had that mystery fence. And a graveyard - old and creepy. Like, reeeeally old, looked abandoned.

Wow... You sound as if you can pack up and move easily. I can't imagine how it was for you, really. I'd be stressed out 24/7. Hells, when I sold my old place and moved to the new one - 15 km from the old one - I just spent a few days crying like some sap XD It's not like I don't like where I am now. It's quieter here, more peaceful. But still, it was not easy)
Do you miss Justin?
Oh, also, do you ever do class reunions? We do that sometimes, but I never went to one. I dunno... It's weird. Just a bunch of strangers, trying to find what to talk about, reminiscing about our prime years.

Yup, Nakhodka. How did you guess?? I don't think I would've guessed)) Uh... I don't remember how long it took me to get there. But I do remember how weird it was to get off the train. In the hotel, I got to shower - and the sound did things to me. Like... mm... like white noise maybe - just gave me a surreal feeling. And the floor under me was swaying like on the train. When I closed my eyes, it got even worse. And I couldn't sleep for a couple of days - the bed kept swaying, and I knew it wasn't, so it did my head in)
Huh... Didn't know about Bear's Den)) But it's on the way to my country house! Sorta)
Ew! "the luck....was inside you all the time." That sounds like something from an awful self-help book. Give the Oscar back here.

Nah, I haven't seen Spaced(( But I have it downloaded - gonna watch sometime soon. Juuust after Shrinking, Heated Rivalry, and something else, I forgot what >_>
I think Hot Fuzz is my favorite though. It has this small-town vibe... It's a bit funny how I've always wanted to live in a small town, and now I'm living in one... and I keep wanting to live in a small town XD
See? Same here. Lack of information does funny things to people(( Can't quite blame them. Although I can't help it sometimes >_<

"Oh, it's lovely weather today"
Ew! Ew! Ew! Don't do that ever again! OMG... This was horrible. I need that Men in Black flashy thingy. Or simply pass me that noose.
Aw, you get it))) No chaos in the kitchen. Just excruciating order) I'm not sure there's anything I'd refuse to eat... But I think I hated this soup... I don't remember what it's called, but there were dried prunes in it! Ugh. That's a perversion. Oh! And once I bought these tiny frozen octopuses to cook - and I couldn't. They looked like spiders. Also, they had eyes. They were creepy, cute, and pitiful at the same time. And what about you? Well, I remember the vegetarian thing, but is there anything else?

Yeeeeah))))) I do have a spice rating)) But it's not about sex. Well... alright, alright, not ONLY about sex. Just how much I fell for a character in a book. Feels kinda nice that you looked through the file. I don't usually show it to people - feels nice to share.
Hah! You haven't read my reviews (I know that because there's a shitload of them) - that's where the fun part happens)

Yup, Serious Sam 3, then 4 if you buy it. Then... Yeah, we'll see)
I've seen you checking power or whatever in Satisfactory. That was mildly terrifying) So yeah, nothing wrong with bullying your sims into efficiency, sure)

Are you 80 or something?)) Lying about your age is so wrong, Jonathan.
"I lost a lot of hope for humanity that day" - that's rich, coming from Batman, who's messaging a princess))
But I get what you're saying. I mean, I see kids playing war these days under my window - they're using the new language that exists around the "special military operation" >_< And their parents buy them guns and don't seem to mind at all! Like, don't they see their kids are going to be sent to war in 5 years? O_O
Influencers though... I dunno... I don't know who's popular these days. Schulmann is my kind of influencer - does it count? XD

Oh, I'm very educational!)) My turn to be smug.

Yeah, you'd think that cruelty-free stuff should be easier... Nope >_< And I don't quite understand why that's the case. Like, they use pretty much all the same ingredients - aren't they all tested already? I'm not talking about some brand-new super-mega-mumbo-jumbo-miracle thing. Just... normal stuff >_<

Oh! Oh! I know! GMO! What's your take?)) There's only one correct answer here... Tread carefully.

Yeah, I think I have photos of my minis. Somewhere... The lumberjack was the latest though - hence the prettiest)
Kaktysshmanchik
4:07 PM
Hm... Something like this


jsammons90
7:29 PM
Sorry, I'm still learning all of these complex Russian rules. I'm pretty sure I was even promised a bear but that hasn't turned up yet...>.>
I'm equally surprised that you survived that! I'll have you know that I'm a very level headed individual that never seeks out trouble or misadventure! That said, two occurrences come to mind that could have potentially ended poorly - one was when I was a kid and wanted to go up in a hot air balloon. I was in the basket and ready to go, but the wind started to pick-up and was dragging it to the side. We were just about to take off and I remember my dad having to scramble to grab me out. The second was once when I was sitting down at the marina in a plastic chair with a boat to my back. One of the legs of the chair broke and I tumbled backwards into the water, barely missing the propeller blades on the motor of the boat.

Yeahhhh, it was pretty much your typical teenage partying. Way too much alcohol and everything. I remember one party at an apartment in a college town that I went to. The drinking age in the US is 21 and I was 20 at the time. The cops showed up and started grabbing people, myself and my friends scrambled off the roof and jumped some fences to get back to his car and got out of there - I think there was 6 of us in a 4 seater car....not the brightest bunch! Any crazy ones that you can remember?

It wasn't much to write home about - it was pretty tiny! But, I still had fun messing in it all the same. I remember spending time following it before - can't remember where it ended up or why I never finished following it. At least you found really interesting, strange stuff to explore! I'd definitely go check out a super old cemetery :)

I was definitely able to do it a lot easier back then - now, I've got a few things keeping me down XD. It's never easy having to move and start over though - I don't blame you for how you felt, I think it makes perfect sense. There's always that initial getting to know your surroundings again that is uncomfortable.
Yeah, Justin was a good dude. We still send the odd message, but very few and far between. He has 3 kids and a wife of his own, so I know he's busy. I know that his younger brother is also a Trump supporter and I'm not sure if he is or not too....I'd have to talk some sense into him if we were chatting again....
Oh yeah, they do do that! There was one for 10 years in 2018 (I graduated high school in 2008), but it was in the states so I didn't go. I think it's all pretty much ego stroking and nosiness to see where other people ended up and what's going on in their lives to be honest. I would kinda go just to be nosy XD

Well, I got a very lucky guess because you drew your map very well! I just referenced your map to Google Maps and got lucky :) Crazy though about that feeling after getting off the train, especially after it lasted so long. Sounds like that feeling you might have after being on a boat for awhile...have you been on a boat before? Do you ever get travel sickness or anything like that?
Alas, my dreams of writing emotional, moving stories that lifts up audiences appears to be dashed before it has even truly begun....

So you have one or two shows to get through...XD Well you're in for a treat with Spaced anyways :) By the way, Kyle asked me earlier if I had watched Vox Machina. I had to laugh and tell him that he's the second person today to ask me that. I'm taking it as a sign that I need to download it immediately.

I'm laughing so hard at all the "Ews" I'm getting out of you today, I must be doing something right! XD And yeah, I promise I won't do that again, it is terrible....here's the noose.
Dried prunes in soup....that sounds awful. I'm not a picky eater at all (bar that whole not eating meat thing), but if there's one thing that I'm just not really a fan of, it's melon. It's just....not very exciting...

Oh, I figured it wasn't JUST about the sex in the books and that there were other factors at play. I actually did read a few reviews, but, let's be honest, there's a lot in that file! I had a rummage...and I may do some more rummaging....but not so much that it feels like I'm totally invading your privacy XD Thanks for sharing though :)

Oh....if that terrified you in Satisfactory, you haven't seen anything yet....I just remembered the removing pool ladder joke that you had in your last letter...I had a chuckle at that.

A princess, huh? Hmmmmmm......XD That's pretty crazy about how normalized it is for the kids there though. Even using the exact same terminology and stuff....damn. Schulmann....had to go and look her up again to remember who she is - got it now! And absolutely not - she's not trying to peddle wares to you via Instagram, she doesn't count!

Okay, okay - don't let it all go to your head; we're both learning things here! XD Humanity is just good at screwing over either animals, mother nature, or other people when it comes to producing things. The real achievers screw over all three for their product!

Ohhh boy. So, I think this GMO question could actually be a bit long winded. SO. I think GMO's have been very important for growing surplus food for people and aren't inherently bad. Due to them, we can feed more people than ever before. That said, there are really shitty companies like Monsanto (or used to be, they were bought up by someone, can't remember who) that monopolize it and weaponize it against farmers and everything. So, I think GMO's themselves are good and important for food growth to support growing populations, however the companies in charge of them are shit heads. Thank you for coming to my TED Talk.

The minis are all so lovely! I really like the little girl with the teddy bear, but also with a big knife XD
Kaktysshmanchik
11:40 PM
Aw, shit... I forgot to tell you! The bear kinda broke free and escaped during the delivery. I think it's somewhere in Kaliningrad now. So... We'll have to hope it finds its way to you on its own.
Fuck... So you were living on the edge too. But seriously, that boat story is especially terrifying.
Oh! I remember one about falling too. XD
I think I was 10 or something. I dunno. We were on a train and I was on the top... Er... cot? Yeah, probably it. Anyway, I was faffing about and decided that it'd be fun to hang down from the cot. I got really good at it. Right until I slipped down headfirst. Fortunately, my trainer was sitting under me. She didn't realize what was going on, but she kinda kicked me with her knee so I landed on my back instead of my head. Couldn't breathe for a minute. But all in all, I was fine)

Wow... Would you have been in big trouble if the cops caught you?
I had a similar situation. But there was nowhere to run) I was lucky though - there were too many of us, so the cops took only the boys and let the girls go. They let the boys go too after maybe half an hour. I guess, the paperwork didn't give them a thrill)
Other than that... No, I don't think I have any stories worth telling without getting morbid)
I might have kissed a girl once... Hm... Still not sure. I was told so though. XD Anyhow, it doesn't beat your cops story, so. I think we were just getting hammered and that's it)
Huh... This one is not about me exactly, but I was pretty close to a knife fight once. There was this guy who drank himself into delirium - and he attacked another guy. There wasn't much blood though - the other guys got to him pretty fast and took the knife away.

Yup. I definitely know the difference between a cemetery and a graveyard. Uh-huh.
Damn, I was so much into it back in the day. XD All that goth thing) Sitting in a... cemetery... >_> staring into the distance dramatically... Very mysterious, I was)
Were you into any kind of subculture? Or whatever those are called.

Yeah, well, I meant the whole attitude, not just the opportunity to move) Or did it turn down a couple of notches with time? >_>
How did it feel for you to move around so much?
Mm... Trump supporter... Yeah, that sucks. I really can't imagine what people find in him >_< All that big talk about being the greatest, the strongest. Maybe being happy is enough? Maybe Danish people know something? Just a thought.
Ugh. Kazakhstan is moving that way, BTW. They recently changed their constitution and it's gonna let their president linger for another term. After that... Who knows.

Oh, so you'd go to your class reunion?) Wouldn't you want to do that "in your face" thing or something?)
I'm not a fan though. But I am curious if my classmates are alive. I know one is dead o_O Froze to death at 20 years old or somewhere around it. Although I don't know how it happened. Are yours all alive?)

Didn't you feel funny after your ride to Florida? 30+ hours is a hell of a ride.
Yeah, I've been on a boat. I think it's called a kayak. Remember I told you how I used to go camping with my family? Well, we used to take a train to a river, then row for a couple of days - and there was our destination) It used to be a real wilderness. But these days there are some recreational centers already >_<
Something tells me you feel just fine on a boat. It's just a hunch))
Aw, you should keep trying) This is just not your audience)

See? God tells you you have to see Vox Machina. Trust in god (GPT insists it's G. That won't do >_<). So Kyle watched it?
Oh, and if you do get to it, I'm gonna need to know who's your favorite character) You might be tempted to say it's all of them, but that's not how it works.

Yeah, you are doing something right, unfortunately. I’m very expressive when properly tormented. Keep the noose though - until the next "lovely weather."
So... You're saying that pineapple on pizza is fine?))) Although I don't know what it could be doing on a vegetarian pizza...
But melon? Jonathan, I'm sorry to say it, but this friendship has reached its dramatic end. I don’t think I can associate with a melon-hater. >~< Gods.... I'm gonna need a few days to recover.

Aw! You did read some reviews? That’s kinda... yeah, okay) Weirdly nice. Feels a bit like letting someone wander around inside my head. Don’t knock anything over))
I sometimes feed it to AI to find something new to read, so it’s sort of my mind map. Books are really important to me — always have been. I kinda consist of them. Well, mostly. They’re... I dunno. When I feel like shit, they’re always there. Familiar shelves, familiar voices, all that.
So yeah, you can rummage. Just don’t judge the mess too harshly)
Damn... Now I feel the urge to go check how embarrassing my reviews are)

Jonathan... What haven't I seen? What can be worse than Satisfactory? Tell me now before you scandalise me more.

Careful, Batman... You're talking to royalty here.
Yeah, well, kids are easily affected, so that makes sense. It's like in Nazi Germany - they say those who were kids during those times had it worse when it all collapsed. Many never stopped believing that idiocy.
Hm... Have you seen the movie Jojo Rabbit? What movies do you like in general?
Well, Schulmann does sell her lectures on politics and literature, so)

Yeah, good answer)) I'm so pleased here)
I'm all for GMO. Although it's banned here XD I mean, you can't sell GMO food. And people are scared of it. Sometimes I see a "No GMO" sign on packs of salt... Which is... fair, I guess.
I like how it could make food more affordable. Also, it could help people with allergies and stuff! Like those who can't eat gluten - just a bit of meddling, and they could eat all the bread they like!
That said, I can't say I ever looked into companies that deal in GMOs. Sounds like you did some research?)

Hehe) Thanks. She's an absolute cutie, yeah)

Okay. Now... what's your most controversial opinion? It can be silly or serious. Tread carefully either way. >_>
Jul 9
Kaktysshmanchik
1:49 AM
Fuck... I just checked some of the reviews I wrote in that file. Some of them are... a lot. I forgot what was there oO
So if you skimmed the notes and feel like judging me, I won't be surprised XD
jsammons90
1:21 PM
Fuuuuuck, seriously?! After all my hard work proving my worthiness?! I guess I'll keep watch out my window and hope that it appears....
It's funny how well I can remember the boat one as well - almost like I could relive it right now, despite it being probably 15 years ago.
Woah, you're so lucky that your trainer did that...just imagining the scene in my head gives me shivers. I don't like the thought of someone landing on their head and breaking their neck, it's a fright that I get with Maebh and Tadhg all the time with things that they do and I give out to them to stop.
Those stories just made me remember this crazy thought that I had before that I've never shared with anyone but, well, I'm going to share with you. Imagine if in all of these occurrences, you actually really did die, but you're never aware of it and it just created a parallel universe where that's when you died, but you're in the one universe where it all went right....up until the exact moment that it doesn't for you. That feeling that you get when these things happen where you feel a little dazed and have to take that deep breath (at least in the occurrences that I can remember), that's when it all split. I'm not a crazy person, I promise...

Mehhh, probably not too much trouble. Questions on who supplied it and stuff, maybe a night or two in jail, but that's probably the extent. The thrill of the chase was probably more exhilarating than anything. Leave it to cops being lazy to be the reason to get away with things XD. Would imprisonment be a punishment for that over there? Actually, what's the legal drinking age there?
More morbid stories....I'm cautiously interested.....
Well, I kissed a dude once on the lips, just a peck though. Playing truth or dare while drinking...I had a thing where I didn't like to back down from any challenge when I was younger, regardless of how stupid it was. It was probably due to some macho masculine thing of not wanting to appear afraid of anything, so if someone dared me to do something, I'd probably do it. That brings me to probably the stupidest thing I was ever dared to do which was to smash my hand down into a pile of glue freshly squeezed from a hot glue gun. Of course, I did it, because I had to show how fearless I was - shit hurt so badly. Go a massive blister on the palm of my hand for a couple of weeks. It was so stupid and I was stupid for doing it. Fortunately I matured at some point...I think...

Fuck, the knife story is pretty crazy though...that could have been really bad. That brings to mind another story involving alcohol. So, when I started living on the house boat is pretty much when I started drinking - I had abstained from it before that because of my dad (don't think I've gone into those messy details yet). So anyways, just started drinking, felt immortal, so I would drink way too much. I was making screwdrivers (vodka and orange juice) and putting way too much vodka in. There were some people down on their boats that were going to go out for a night cruise and invited me along, so I accepted. I had known them for years, but they were all much older - in their 40s/50s and there I was at 20. So, I guess I started talking shit or something to one of the dudes while I was drunk, I don't remember what I said or anything, I can remember getting on the boat and the next thing I remember is him choking me holding me over the side of the boat by the throat and the other people pulling him back saying something like 'he's drunk, let it go'. So, I guess I really set this dude off and threatened his masculinity in my drunken stupor.

Whoops, I didn't realize that I had swapped cemetery and graveyard around in that message - they're pretty much interchangeable....as far as I'm aware. There could be specific differences that I'm completely overlooking. Oh yes, I would expect nothing less of you from when you were younger! XD I would say that I was probably pretty similar to be honest. Like, I wore pretty much all black all the time, or at least very dark colors and I just thought about and talked about video games and MTG and stuff with friends. Huh, never told you I was on the robotics team in high school, did I? That was fun, we got to travel around to competitions for that.

I didn't mind all of the moving back then because I guess I was searching for something. I honestly felt really hopeless then. I felt like nothing I did would ever really matter and that I couldn't influence much, so I guess I was searching for something better? Also, probably connections. Everyone that I really knew was back in South Carolina besides a few family members, so I didn't have any friends to hang out with or anything like that, but I also didn't try to put myself out there as I should have. I think I've gotten more courage to do stuff like that as I've gotten older though, if I had the time and really wanted to. Even the thought of messaging someone on Reddit would have terrified me back then. I mean, it still does to a degree, but look at how great this has turned out :)

It completely baffles me that someone could look at that dude and think, "yeah, that's strength and intelligence". Compassion, acceptance, unity - there's some strength and intelligence for you. Oh no, I didn't know that about Kazakhstan...I'm really curious what BS they're going to try and pull when his term is up, if he lives that long that is.

I'm pretty split on it to be honest. I would be curious to see what people are doing and have ended up, but I'd like to be able to do it from a distance. Maybe I could bug the place to get all of the juicy details? Some of my classmates have died though. The last one was a woman, Kayla Durham. She had a car accident in the middle of the night a couple of years ago now I think. She was one of the pretty, popular ones in school, but she seemed really nice. I was always caught off guard and embarrassed when I would see her and she would know who I was and my name and she'd say hello. It was one of those where I would think that there was no way in the world I would have a shot at asking her out on a date because she was out of my league. I also remember when I was in middle school, a guy was swimming with some friends and his foot or leg got caught underwater and he drowned...
Ah, last one - one of my cousins hung himself a few years ago too :/. We would have spent time together as kids playing games and down at the marina together, but not as much later on.
Weird to think about people that you've known that are gone like that.

Nah, don't remember feeling anything other than relief to finally be at my destination! Oh yeah, kayaks are great fun! Row for a couple of days...jesus...that some serious camping. You guys were properly camping out in the wilderness. When we would go when I was a kid, the campsites had power outlets so you could have power while you were there....I also definitely didn't bring a TV and my N64 to play games on....
Ha, thanks for the vote of confidence, it keeps the dream alive. And yeah, I've got no problem on the water. Although, taking a boat on the ocean is pretty different to the lake - that definitely takes a bit of getting used to.

Oh yeah, Kyle watched it and said how great it is. He also really likes Critical Role. Also, when I was talking to him yesterday, I told him about you a bit and how you're planning on joining the group. He was happy to hear that someone else was joining and was saying that another person or two is exactly what we need. He's really getting into the campaign and feels like his brother and Daniel should take it more seriously. Party drama, ya know >.>

Haha, I'll definitely take that compliment. While I was writing some of the stuff above, I did find it fascinating how easily it all comes out talking to you. Things that I would never really talk to anyone about or mention, I dunno, I just feel like I won't be judged by you or you understand or something? It's a nice feeling, I feel like I can be honest and raw, even when I may feel silly or embarrassed about something, so, thank you.
Well, let's put it this way, I've eaten many pizzas in my life and some of them did, in fact, have pineapple on them. The closest chipper to us (are you familiar with chippers?) actually puts pineapple on their veggie pizza. It's alright, but pineapple is really nice with ham because of the saltiness of the ham with the sweetness of the pineapple. Wait....just like that? It's over? Just like that?! Fuuuuuuuuck. It was going so well, too! Also, I never said I was a melon-hater! It's just not my first choice of something to eat! If I'm hungry enough and you put it in front of me, that shit's gonna disappear! XD

Yeah, I skimmed a bit the other day, but I did read the full review of Red, White & Royal Blue. You're so thoughtful in your reviews, you really absorb the story and process it and I really admire that. I do enjoy just seeing your thoughts though too - funnily enough, it kinda felt like just reading one of your messages, it just felt like you. The Red, White & Royal Blue review did have me smiling at times, but also really sad due to the experience that you shared with me about a previous boyfriend that you mentioned in the review. The whole thing was just unfiltered Kathy and I loved it. I wouldn't dare judge you for being who you are. Also, that vase was broken when I got here....

Sooooo, speaking of Satisfactory specifically....well, I'll share a screenshot of the production chain for a couple of specific parts to give you an idea of everything that ends up going on XD.

Ya know, I'm going to feel really silly when you drop some dramatic reveal on me that you actually have royal Russian lineage or something after all of my shit talking here....straight to a Siberian work camp for me!
Jojo Rabbit was a great movie! I've seen it once, but adored it. I also like all kinds of movies....Wes Anderson's works are all fantastic, the way that they're shot and presented. You know about some of the others that we talked about (Office Space, The Big Lebowski), but I can enjoy really out there ones too, like Under The Skin - have you seen that? Also, some tear-jerkers like Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind. Then, I am also a sucker for Marvel movies....easy popcorn flicks, ya know? What about you?

Wow, I didn't know that GMO's were banned in Russia. I think what's NOT banned would probably be a shorter list...>.> It is amazing what can be done with it for sure, it's shame that everything is about making money instead of just feeding the planet though. So, yeah, Monsanto is a company that was purchased by Bayer, but from what I read up about them before was how they would take seeds and modify them and sell them to farmers. The thing is, they patented their seeds so that the vegetables grown from them couldn't be used to sow more seeds, so you always had to buy more from them. Also, if you kept the seeds from the previous year and tried to sow them the next year, they would sue you. They used their lawyers constantly in suing people and fucking over farmers. This seems like a pretty good rundown of their misdeeds: https://www.ethicalconsumer.org/home-garden/monsanto

So, I was actually thinking about this controversial opinion last night and....this is actually really hard. I feel like I have a lot of controversial opinions to people from where I'm from, however my opinions wouldn't be very controversial to you (except for that melon one >.>). I'm really trying to think of a good one for you, one where I think that we may disagree on something, but I'm coming up empty handed so far...I'm going to send this message for now while I reflect on this one....
What happened to Monsanto? | Ethical Consumer

www.ethicalconsumer.org •Chemical producer Monsanto was bought by German company Bayer in 2018. What were the criticisms of Monsanto when it existed, and is Bayer any better?

Also, here's one of the hardest things in Satisfactory to produce...you would spend quite a bit of time setting up a production chain for this one item. https://satisfactory-calculator.com/en/planners/production/index/json/%7B%22Desc_FicsoniumFuelRod_C%22%3A%221%22%7D
jsammons90
1:51 PM
Okay, I thought of something controversial, but, I think you'll still agree with me on it. All of these new age verification laws that seemed to be getting pushed in most countries with the pretext of it being to keep children safe, I think it's all bullshit. It's big data companies like Palantir trying to help governments monitor and track people and tie people to what they say or search online, completely removing anonymity. I think that this is terrible and will only push people to find ways around it and make new black markets for things. Also, I could see a future where it's weaponized against people for really fucking ridiculous things, like a woman researching abortion or anti-pregnancy pills. Thoughts?

By the way, you have to give me a controversial opinion now too >.>

I'll keep trying to see if I can think of any others too.
Kaktysshmanchik
5:35 PM
Yeah, I was actually surprised by how sure you were describing the boat in your VM - to the left is this, to the right is that. Stuck with you, didn't it?
The alternate reality thing... yeah. It kinda sounds like something I've read. Or watched. I don't remember. But yeah, why the hell not? It's like in a book. Here's the moment where a character might die. But they survive - we read the version where they survived, where everything went exactly the way it's written on the page. But... there could be other books where things went differently.
I haven't thought about it the way you did though. Never applied it to myself) But I do sometimes think about books that way)
Actually... Have you heard of the Alters video game? You might like it if you're curious to explore the idea of alternate reality. It doesn't touch on the character's death, but rather pivotal points in his life. What fascinated me the most is that it's that there's one actor who voices 11 characters. It's mindblowing.

"not too much trouble" -> "maybe a night or two in jail"
Uh-huh, no trouble at all. Jonathan! That's scary as fuck! >_<
It's legal to drink from 18 years old. But of course people start earlier. I'm not sure how it goes these days, but back in my day (when grass was greener, and trees were taller) it was easy to buy booze even as a teen. But now it seems like they've gotten a lot more strict about it - I have to flash my passport every time I buy anything 18+.
Although I'm not sure what would've happened in my case if the cops were okay with paperwork. Yeah, probably they would've tossed everyone behind bars for some time.
Yeah, I won't tell you the morbid stuff. I tried and just couldn't. I don't like remembering that. Sorry. >_<
Ah, yeah, I was the same. XD You dared me - I'd do anything. Not sure if that changed though. I do hope it did. Otherwise it's just sad...
But a hot glue gun... Ouch... I sometimes work with it, and when I do, all my fingers are blistered >_< Must've hurt horribly.
Just remembered. I once drank half a glass of ethanol on a dare >_< That was horrible, I recommend avoiding that at all costs. And I don't remember much after that...
Damn, we were stupid))) But it kinda feels like pain and discomfort tolerance was higher back then... Or it's just my imagination. Like, I recently added two piercings to my ear - and I hate how long it takes to heal, how it hurt for the first few days. I don't remember that being a problem at all when I got my first piercings >_>

Fuck... That guy is a total bellend. I mean, whatever you said, getting handsy is not the best choice of action. And such people are allowed to drive and everything >_<
I was on the other end of choking though. Just once. Back in my first marriage. There was a guy being loud under our windows at night. I couldn't sleep, and he didn't react to all the yelling. So... I got dressed and went outside - my ex tagged along. The guy appeared to be drunk, didn't like my reasoning. So, one thing after another - he attacked my ex, and they ended up on the ground. My guy was losing badly. And then something shifted for me - time sorta slowed down. Basically, I came over to them, locked my arm around the guy's neck to make him stop. Of course he did after a few seconds. Was kinda impressed by the ingenuity too. XD

What?? No, you never told me about the robotics team! Tell me! Tell me everything O_O
What were you building, how did it all work, what was the best project???

Yeah, I totally understand the being terrified part. I wouldn't know what to do if I had to go search for new people. Like, I thought once about going to a book club, but I'm not sure I have anything to say >_< Or would have the courage to open my mouth at all.
Were you nervous to message me?

Heh) Schulmann is a big fan of Kazakhstan - I'll try to keep you posted))

Wow... Your class has a bigger body count than mine. Sorry to hear that.
I'm not sure about my classmates, but I did see one in a list of the deceased at war >_> Not sure if it's him or just some guy with the same name.
Oh, your cousin killing himself... Yeah, that's awful. How do you feel about it now?
I don't know anyone who chose suicide. Well, not personally. I know only a developer from my company who jumped from a window. One of my colleagues knew him - she was really shaken. And another colleague wrote in our chat a few days later something about how only weak people choose suicide >_< Gods, I lashed out... Felt embarrassed after that.

TV and N64 at camping is cheating))) You're supposed to play with dirt and sticks! Wasn't beating nettles with a stick a thing in your childhood? >_>

Gossiping about me with your mate? >_>
Ah... I kinda think about it from time to time. I hope it works out)) And I also hope one of your guys would agree to make a character who'd be my character's brother) When I had a chance to play Pathfinder myself, I wanted to do something like that so much! But no one else was up to it((
Ooh, I also had an idea of a sentient weapon PC, although I don't know how I'd do that. And why XD
So Kyle is the unofficial leader of the group? The one with notes and an actual plan?

Yeah, half of this message went under the "hug Jonathan in hope it makes it better" flag for me. It's strange. I usually just feel uncomfortable when someone talks about traumatic stuff. I'm usually more like, why are you telling me this? This is not the case though)) No judgement zone here)
M... I know that a chipper is something like a cafe... Well, I think so)
I don't think I've ever seen a veggie pizza with pineapple o_O Although, it's not like I'm an expert)
Yeah... Anyone would eat anyone if they're hungry enough. But melon requires love and passion! I usually buy them in August-September here. Damn... can't wait. ^_^

o_O I feel like I've gotta say something about the review... Maybe try and explain myself. I dunno... I just forgot half the things I wrote there - remembered to actually check yesterday. It's... yeah, like I said, books mean the world to me and they bring up thoughts in me, and in normal circumstances I don't intend to share them. Uh... Sorry?

Wow! That production chain is... something... You mean to say you actually built stuff like that?

I'm feeling stupid now)) I don't know much about movies. Had to google Wes Anderson. Apparently, I've seen The Grand Budapest Hotel)) But I've never even heard of Under the Skin. I do know Eternal Sunshine, but never watched it >_<
But Marvel... Yeah. That's why I have so much useful data about the US.
You're a father, aren't you supposed to watch cartoons? >_> Have you seen Klaus? Treasure Planet?
Yeah... I usually watch cartoons. But if we're talking something more serious (although, what can be more serious than a cartoon??), I'd say the last ones I liked were Arrival, Wonka, and The Substance.

Ugh... Yeah, Monsanto sounds not ideal... On the other hand, they are supposed to get profit out of it. I dunno... Maybe we're gonna get to the point where GMOs are cheap and easy to make... At some point, sure.

Yeah... Your controversial opinion is not too controversial to me. Damn...
Well, I don't know about big data companies. Besides, my government has leaked its databases so many times, you can buy all the info about me for $10 (it's not a joke). But I'm thinking from another angle.
It always starts with "let's protect the children." And then somehow you give them your ID, blood type, and the soul you didn't know you had a minute ago. The next step is to forbid the thing in question altogether.

I dunno... I think it's parents' responsibility to make sure their kid doesn't get into some shady stuff on the internet. Please, don't hate me))) Controversial enough? I'm open for discussions)
Jul 10
jsammons90
12:08 PM
Oh yeah, I was down there a lot over the years, especially if I need to talk to my mom about something since that's where she always was. We lived in a rented house just up the road from it as well, so myself and my sister were there all the time while she was down at the boat with John (my step-dad).
Hmmm, never heard of The Alters before - just looked it up on Steam, sounds interesting. Also, kudos to that dude voicing 11 different people...oh no...I just realized when you start joining us for D&D sessions, you're going to hear me embarrasses myself doing different voices for different characters >.>

My mind immediately went to "Wait, does everyone use their passport of ID in Russia?" to remembering that you don't drive, so that makes a lot more sense. So it's the same age as here in Ireland then to buy booze. I'm sure you know it's 21 in the states. And, no worries about not wanting to bring up the morbid stuff - I totally get it, I never want to make you uncomfortable with anything that we discuss.
That's hilarious, I can't believe that you were the same way when people dared you to do things. Careful, I might just have to dare you to do something to see if you grew up >.>
I immediately regretted doing that with the hot glue....it was pretty bad. I did it in my engineering class where people were always screwing with the hot glue guns. I remember the teacher getting really upset once because someone hot glued the openings in one of the electrical sockets. That poor teacher, I remember her crying in her office more then once because of shit head students :/
Wow, half a glass of ethanol...I feel like between doing that and also the time you nearly drowned, you may actually be immortal o.O. How many piercings do you have?

That dude was a complete asshole, he had little dick energy all the time. Drove a big, expensive truck or SUV to help bolster his manhood. He wasn't a very nice person.
Wow, well done to you for jumping onto that dude and choking him - I'm impressed! Just thinking, when you did Taekwondo, is that a lot of choke holds and stuff or is it other maneuvers?

Haha, I had no idea that you'd be so excited about when I was in robotics! XD So, yeah, it was an after school activity that was ran by that engineering teacher that had to cry in her office a lot. The premise is that each year, a competition was held between a bunch of high schools where a different game or challenge was created that you had to build the robot for. It could be shooting balls into a goal or stacking things, pretty much whatever you could think of as a game. The robot would be required to have an autonomous mode where it would do things by itself for the first minute or two before someone could take control and try to do the game. I remember the challenge one year was shooting balls into a goal, so your robot would need to be able to pickup and launch the balls. It would do this by itself for the first minute or two before you could take control and do it. It was really an excuse to travel around with a bunch of friends with limited adult supervision in high school XD. I tried to see if I could find any photos online of the team or anything, but turned up empty :/. The robots were pretty big though - found a photo of a team called 'Aim High' from the 2006 competition to give you an idea. The students would come up with the idea of what to build and how, but there were quite a few adult volunteers that did a lot of the work, like a programmer and a couple of engineers.

I think you would have plenty to say about the books that you would read in a book club, the hard part is really putting yourself out there and opening up to a group of strangers though. I think you'd be great at driving discussion in a book club personally. I was nervous to send you a message - I didn't really expect a response back. I figure that when women post on Reddit in those make friends groups, their DMs just get inundated with dudes all clamoring for their attention. Were you nervous to respond back to my message?

Ouch, that's awful...I can't imagine having classmates of mine going off to fight in that ridiculous war, basically being put through a meat grinder >.>
Yeah, I was surprised when I heard the news that he killed himself. I felt guilty for not reaching out over the years, as if I could have prevented it or something. Maybe it would have made a difference, maybe not. When we were hanging out as kids, he was a bit of an ass - always wanted things his way and stuff. Still, it's not easy to see someone that you know decide to kill themselves. Of all the ways to kill yourself, I don't think I could jump out a window - that whole 'fear of heights' thing, ya know >.>. But, good on you for lashing out - fuck that person and their view on what's strong or weak. I think it's weak when people appear to be superior and think that other people battling depression and lose that battle decide to take their life.

Funnily enough, I don't think there are any nettles in South Carolina XD. I don't remember seeing them until I came to Ireland - they're such bastards! Sitting at the camp site and playing The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time was a perfect way to spend my time in the great outdoors! :D

Yup, you should have heard the stuff I was saying....let's just say, he has some opinions now >.> Like when he asked how you would fit in politically with the group (his brother and Daniel are both very liberal - Kyle and I are too, obviously, but Jimmy and Daniel talk about it more) and I assured him that you would fit in just fine. Or how I talked about your Pathfinder campaign and all of your experience...yeah, really laid it all out there for him.
So, in regards to making a character who'd be your characters brother, it's funny that you say that, because Kyle was actually thinking about rolling a new character for the next part of the campaign and I'm sure he wouldn't mind that at all. Also, playing as a sentient weapon PC, that's a badass idea! Dunno how the whole movement would work...I guess you could levitate? You'd have to make quite the bespoke character, but I think that's such a cool idea!
Hmmm, yeah, I would have to agree that Kyle is probably the unofficial leader with the plans and stuff. They all discuss stuff together, but he's definitely the one on the ball the most.

That's really sweet and made me smile really big when I read it....I appreciate the affection :). And, I promise that I'll keep it all a secret so that your cover doesn't get blown that you're actually a big softie ;). The same as you, I usually don't know what to think when someone opens up a bunch - just kinda a pat on the back and a 'there, there', but it's a lot easier with you.

Eh, kinda - a chipper sells chips (surprise), pizza, burgers, kebabs, stuff like that and they're typically open from about 4 PM until around 1 AM. They're a great place to stop in after you've had a few drinks and want to soak up all that alcohol and they're all over the place in Ireland. In my town, there's three within 50 meters of each that I can think of.
Okay, so here's a question for you - what type of melon is your favorite? Back when I was a kid growing up, watermelon was the big one in the south. Either that or cantaloupe. For the watermelon, my family used to put salt on it before eating it.

You shouldn't apologize at all, you're letting me essentially step into your mind and there's nothing wrong there. It's obviously a safe place for you to think and process things and you chose to share that with me which shows how much you seem to trust me and I really appreciate that. The last thing that I want is for you to feel judged or sorry for feeling what you feel, everything in there is real and valid and it's you and I love that. Remember, no judgement :)

So, that production chain IS for the hardest item in them game to produce, so that's something to keep in mind. But, yeah, it's really a game where you have to sit down and do a lot of math and planning later on, but it's somehow so much fun. I obviously really hate it based on the screenshots that I sent you :P

Well, to be honest, how you feel with movies is how I feel with books. A bit of context here, Joseph loves books as much as you do (I know, I know, you're thinking, no way - but, I think he does, he loves his books) and he'll go on about Joyce, Pynchon, Faulkner, etc. and go into deep conversation about their writings and writing styles and I just...can't keep up. I end up feeling so lost and only half-understanding things. I do my best, but it's definitely not my forte. I would be better at movies, but games and the gaming industry is what I know best. I think you would find Under the Skin very interesting - it's very much a show and don't tell movie, not much is spoken in it. Eternal Sunshine is so good, but, makes me feel depressed at the same time.

Ahhhh, it all makes sense about your knowledge of all of the alien attacks in the US now! Yep, it's a mess over there >.>
We don't actually let the kids watch much TV...about 45 minutes before bed and then at the weekends they can play the Nintendo or watch something before bed, but it's pretty limited. I personally wouldn't mind if they had a bit more time, but as soon as you give in a bit, Tadhg will then expect that constantly and gets really angry when he doesn't always get it, so until he gets older, it is what it is. That said, they only want to watch very specific things - Paw Patrol, Spidey and His Amazing Friends, Bluey. Both Maebh and Tadhg are really timid about branching out to other stuff and getting them to watch movies is nearly impossible. Just the fear of the unknown I guess. I'm not familiar with Klaus myself, but I've heard of Treasure Planet...I do have great memories from all the cartoons I watched as a kid.
Ooo, here, I'm gonna list some of the cartoons I loved as a kid and see if you know any of them: Rugrats, Hey Arnold!, Ahhhh! Real Monsters, Gargoyles, Batman: The Animated Series, Spider-Man, SpongeBob SquarePants, Doug, Roccos Modern Life, The Wild Thornberries
Funnily enough, I haven't seen any of the movies that you listed XD. I know of Arrival and Wonka though, The Substance sounds familiar, but not sure about it.

Unfortunately, with the way that the world currently works, yeah, profit before people...I feel like we, as a species, should be able to come together to look after each other for at least basic things like food and water. But then I guess that just makes me a big communist >.>

And here I was wondering what to spend my next $10 on...that's pretty crazy, but, in this day and age, not too surprising. This big push for giving biometric data and IDs and shit will, of course, be hacked and leaked by these third-party companies that are contracted to handle the data and then they'll just have to say 'whoopsie!' with no repercussions. And you're 100% correct, it's always tied up with the whole concept of 'keeping children safe', because if you come out against that then aren't you just some sort of monster, not wanting to keep the children safe? Ughh, the whole thing makes me feel tired. It is absolutely the parents responsibility to, ya know, be a parent and make sure that their kid isn't getting into shit that they shouldn't be. I don't think people even know how to be parents anymore. I won't let Maebh or Tadhg have a tablet or go on YouTube or anything like that - it's all way too much for them. Kids all over the place suddenly seem glued to tablets for entertainment, but that fucks up your brain, especially at a young age. Suddenly, kids can't pay attention to anything of length and are perpetually bored when not on a screen, because they're always getting that dopamine hit from the tablet. As soon as that's removed, they're looking for a fix that isn't there.

Bit more of a tangent about 'those damn kids' - my nephew that's 13, I've seen what he watches on YouTube over the years and it's just absolute....shite. It's these young adults over-reacting to Fortnite or something, yelling and screaming every 2 seconds, and he finds it entertaining and hilarious. The thing is, it's all those YouTube Shorts and stuff, so he's constantly flicking between these videos of people doing dumb shit and overreacting and....I dunno, I just hate it all. It's all so performative and fake and I really hate when people are performative and fake. Oh yeah, good example, Mr. Beast - have you heard about that knob?


flushed
1
Kaktysshmanchik
4:45 PM
I've been to a lot of places where I had to spend a lot of time, but I doubt I could describe any of them so thoroughly))
Oh, Alters is great. Although I never finished it - got too complicated for me XD But I'm gonna try again someday. Some say its plot is gorgeous - especially closer to the end.
Oh, you do voices?))) Can't wait to hear and evaluate) I don't think I do voices... I usually just change the pace or the structure of speech. Maybe add a lisp or rasp. But I'm too embarrassed to go full theater)

Yeah, the main document here is a passport - used for everything. A driving licence works sometimes too, but yeah, not everyone has it, so)
This is kinda mental - that you have to wait until you're 21 in the US. Maybe it is sensible... Hm... Not sure.
Speaking of IDs and booze... My very reliable sources say that everyone in the US has a fake ID to buy alcohol, to get into places they shouldn't. Is it a thing?
Careful right back at you, menace. It's a double-edged sword... You sure you've matured enough to resist a dare yourself?
Yeah... Kids can be little shits... I don't remember ever working with hot glue at school though. Hm... Maybe boys did. Girls were taught all that cooking, sewing, cleaning >_< I tried to get into the boys' class, but teachers told me I couldn't( Oh, my... I unlocked a memory. Cringy af. Every time we cooked shit, boys were invited after the class so we could feed them >_< Ew!
I don't have too many piercings(( 4 in my ears now, also a navel piercing. I would've done a brow and tongue, but the healing time is a bitch >_< Now I regret I wasn't allowed to do all that as a teen( Judging by the lack of tattoos, I assume you don't have any piercings either?)

"little dick energy" XD Gods, I wish I had more places to use the phrase)))
Nope, taekwondo is all about feet) Something like this https://www.youtube.com/shorts/IAxYsVOkm3U But it does give you strength, endurance, a better understanding of your body and how it can be used. Like any sport, I suppose.
BTW, are you into sports? I mean, do you watch any championships or something?

O_O Your school sounds like so much fun! The most entertaining thing I did at mine was assembling an AK-47 for speed. I was rather good at it - even won some kind of competition once. Er... I don't know how I feel about it these days))
But how did picking up the balls work? Today I'd say AI, but back then... How did the robot know where to reach? What would it have done if it was out of balls? How did aiming work? Fuuuuck... This is so exciting!
I've never done anything like that. I love robots though. But I never tried to build one. But I have two bought ones)) One of them can dance ^_^

Aw, you were nervous? Yeah, I was nervous too) Also, excited as fuck))
Yeah, well, I guess men face their own challenges too. Ghosting, the expectation to be the driver of the conversation - the entertainment.

Oh, I'm sorry you felt guilty about your cousin. But at least now you sound more... maybe grounded about it. Well, anyway, I hope it sits easier with you these days.
Er... Do you seriously consider your phobia in the question of suicide? XD
Aw... I'm so glad we're on the same page about suicide. I had too many arguments with people about it. I see it as similar to weightlifting. You can't expect everyone to lift as much as you can. Say, you can do 100kg and I can do 50kg. So what? Even if I work out and all, I won't be able to lift as much as you could. Same with life. Ugh... I get wound up XD

Wow! No nettles?? But... But what were you doing all your childhood, you poor thing?? Beating nettles with a stick is peak entertainment! XD

"let's just say, he has some opinions now" Should I get worried?)) Did you oversell or undersell? Should I lean into the Russian accent? How big of a Putin fan should I be?
"how you would fit in politically" Ah, that's expected. See, this is what I was worried about when I told you where I'm from. It's perfectly normal for people to assume, but I hate the "I need to prove I'm normal" part. But I will be glad to have Kyle as my big/little brother if he'll have me) Family drama could be fun.
Well, I was thinking about a weapon-PC... I thought it should be wielded by another PC. Say A is a warrior, B is a sword. In battle, they use the arithmetic mean of their initiative and fight together. Same for attack rolls - or maybe B lets A add a modifier. Damage is more complicated though... A should be able to keep B as a weapon, which means there should be damage progression for the sword. And B should have a class too, damage that will grow with level. There are a lot of questions I haven't quite worked through. But one day...)))

Yeah... my street cred is below sea level here, innit? Just don't tell the lads that I'm a proper melt - that'd ruin my barbarian or whatever character.
I wouldn't have guessed you're a "there, there" kind of guy! You're awfully sweet.

Hm... I guess we have chippers then. But we call it fast food. Or I might be messing things up) Can McDonald's and such be considered a chipper? The working hours are all wrong though... Is alcohol mandatory for a chipper?
Wait a sec... How can you mix melons and watermelons like that? >_> Melons should be yellow and long and huge. They're food for your soul. And watermelons are another beast. They're for a hot day outside - to eat something that doesn't feel like eating)
That reminds me))) Do you know okroshka?))
Oh, and salting watermelons??? Ew! Is it... is it even edible? >.< I've heard that people do that, but I don't know anyone eating that and surviving to tell the story.

Yeah, sorry. Well... not sorry. Thank you. See? I can learn)) Yeah, thank you. You're very kind and I appreciate you a lot.

Yeah, after those Satisfactory screenshots, I don't understand how come you don't have a million hours in Factorio...
But now I'm curious how many times you've fallen off the top of your factory)))

Oh, now I'm embarrassed)) Joyce, Pynchon, Faulkner? That's Literature. Joseph sounds awesome. I've only tried Joyce once - Ulysses. And I was bored out of my mind. I guess I'm gonna have to wait a few more years to grow up enough to love that)
But please do rant about movies at me if you occasionally have something to share) It's great if a person is passionate about something. I like listening to people talking about something they love.
Yeah, I think I was like that as a kid - watching the same stuff over and over) Funny how it is that when we grow up, novelty becomes really important. But I guess, to kids, there are a lot of new things around as it is, so it makes sense they want something familiar. That's just a guess)
Huh... Of all the cartoons you mentioned, I watched only Hey Arnold!, Real Monsters, Gargoyles, Spider-Man, and SpongeBob... Huh. Didn't know there were so many of them)
And Jonathan, I'm so sorry you haven't seen Klaus. That's a real tragedy, I hope you're coping well.

Communism is a utopia) So, sorry, but we're gonna stay with capitalism for a while.

I thought in the US and many European countries, those who leak personal data get really screwed. Am I wrong? o_O
"I don't think people even know how to be parents anymore" Yup. Now you definitely sound 80 years old)) Tell me about how it was back in your day, gramps))
I don't know about kids - maybe you're correct, because their brains are still growing and developing. But I'm not sure about adults.
Some people seem to be really worried about... hm... clip thinking? I don't know what it's called in English. Well, I'm not sure about that. I have a friend who deliberately brainrots on YouTube to wind down. I sometimes do too, when I get sucked in. But both of us are into books. And books take a very long time to chew through) But this is not very representative, I know)
The panic around technology leaves me suspicious too. I mean, all the worry about people being glued to screens - the same thing was going on when the printing press was invented. Ah, people don't talk anymore - they just bury their noses in their newspapers.
I dunno... I like where technology is going. I don't like how it can be weaponised though. But that's not about technology - it's about some people being bellends.

Yeah, I did't know who Mr. Beast is. But I found him... Thank you for that experience... I will never recover.
My YouTube feed is rather tragic, to be honest) I think I could send you a screenshot XD

jsammons90
8:34 PM
Well, I appreciate the compliment :) I honestly think that I can remember stuff decently well thanks to games - remember map layouts and stuff like that, ya know? I'll definitely have to pick it up sometime when I have extra money and give it a shot.
Ohhhh no, jesus, yeah - I try my best to give characters some distinction with voices and stuff. I do have to admit that I feel a bit strange doing the voice for Elsa, the sultry bar maiden >.> If everyone enjoys it though and it gets a laugh, I don't mind being silly :)

Huh, that's really interesting because, at least in the south, most people don't have passports, just drivers licenses. Most people where I'm from never leave the state, much less the country, so they have no need for a passport. And, yeah, having to be 21 to buy alcohol is ridiculous when you take into account that you can choose to go and die for the country at 18 >.>
Some people have fake IDs, but I don't think I ever knew anyone that had one....is your reliable source American movies again? XD
Oh, absolutely not, I'm just a big kid in the body of an adult - we can start this battle if you dare.

I'm so appalled about that story regarding the cooking, sewing, cleaning classes. We had that too, we called it Home Economics, and I totally took that class so I could cook food and try to learn how to sew....but I can't sew for shit. I'm still in disbelief about the boys coming and eating the cooking after....and not letting you take the other class, guess they couldn't let girls get any ideas about not being a traditional wife >.>
What kind of naval piercing do you have? I'm just worried for your safety if it's a dangly one....anytime someone has one of those, I'm just scared of it getting caught on something and ripped out...You guessed right, I don't have any piercings myself. I don't think I would ever get a piercing, a tattoo I would consider, but I don't think piercings are for me. Nothing against them though.

My internet is being shit right now, I'm going to have to check out the YouTube video later, but, you're welcome for sharing the 'little dick energy' insult, may you use it well! XD Nah, I've never really been into sports at all - just wasn't my thing. I actually didn't tell you that I did karate as a kid though. Did it for a couple of years, but I don't feel like I really learned much of anything...Do you watch any sports?

So....I've read that part about speed assembling an AK-47 a few times now and I can't figure out if you're being completely serious or fucking with me....and the crazy part is, I think you're being completely serious O_O. You're being serious, aren't you?
So, that was all part of the project and challenge - for your robot, you may have like an open area in the middle of it where you drive and catch the balls in to feed it into a hopper with a belt or something to put the balls in some sort of mechanism to throw them. For the autonomous part, you would have sensors and cameras and stuff to check the area and do basic tasks. For instance, if the point was to throw balls into the goal, you'd have the camera look around for the goal, line up the shot, and shoot the balls in for that autonomous time. It would also have a sensor for if there were balls in the hopper or not, so it'd know whether to try and get more, stuff like that. I remember that there were three teams versus three teams in each event, so it'd be your robot along with two other schools, versus another three schools robots. There would be more tasks than just shooting the balls too, so you may end up doing a different task while a team member works on the main task. I really wish I had pictures and stuff from back then to show you!
Hmmm, did you ever hear of the show Robot Wars? It would kinda be similar to that, but in that show they were actively destroying each others robots, which wasn't allowed at these competitions. Which ones do you have?

Hah, aren't we both adorable XD. Yeah, I feel really bad when I see some dude that puts up a post looking for friends and there's 0 or 1 comment on it, but then a woman puts up a post and it has anywhere from 20 or 30 comments to a couple hundred. I also wonder how many of them are genuine and if there's anyone trying to use that to phish people for information or money? I'm sure that has to happen at times...

Well, yeah, of course. Thinking of ending it is one thing, but thinking of doing it via falling from an extreme height? Noooo thank you! XD
Yup, you're exactly right - everyone is battling their own demons and something that may seem irrelevant to you may be the exact thing causing a crisis in someone else's life. We're all complex and different and experience things differently and we should all respect that about each other. It just goes back to everyone just being kind and understanding to one another I think. You're a good person for standing up to people with this narrow, ridiculous views and challenging them on those views - I really respect that.

We should have known each other when we were kids, I would've shared my Nintendo with you and taken you away from your nettle beating XD

Haha, you don't have anything to worry about - he's excited to have more people in the group, and it sounds like he's open to the sibling idea! Also, that whole question about how you would fit in politically was before he knew you were Russian :P Those dudes are really chill, to be honest, Jimmy is like a little hermit in his shell and he'll be nervous just being around someone he doesn't know - so this'll be good for him :)

Hmmmm, interesting....what about for it's class, it can shift into different weapon types that give it different abilities depending on it's current form or something....I feel like we could cook something really cool up....Hmmm, if you ended up wanting to do this in the campaign I run, it would fit pretty well with them finding the forge of spells and crafting things there....you could be an enchanted weapon that has been abandoned at the forge for centuries....I'm open to anything that you would like to play, whether barbarian or sentient weapon, you just tell me what would be fun for you :)

Hah, it is - but that's a good thing :) Don't worry though, your secret is safe with me - I can tell the guys you're really an undercover Russian spy that knows how to assassinate people with poison or something if you'd like though? XD

Hmmm, chippers would be similar to fast food, but it's better quality food - like the chips are made fresh and everything, where fast food restaurants like McDonad's would typically be lower quality and not as nice. Alcohol isn't mandatory at all, chippers are delicious regardless, but it doesn't change how bad for you they are! Oooo, curry chips - so good. Probably my favourite thing from the chipper.

Are watermelons not considered melons in Russia? XD I think you're describing a honeydew melon! Okroshka....sounds a lot like okra from the south, gonna check google and see....nope, completely different! Wait, Kvass is an alcoholic beverage?! I thought it was bottled water! Sorry, was reading the ingredients in okroshka and saw it listed and I know it from Tarkov. Cold soup....I'd give it a go if there was a version without meat. Is it nice? In case you've never heard of okra, it is a veggie that grows in hot climates. My grandmother use to grow them and pickle them for me, they were so good - I'd sit down and eat a whole jar no problem...
Oh yeah, my uncle and aunt use to put a load of salt on their watermelon. I didn't like it, thought it was gross. Hmmm, watermelon brings back memories of a story that my older sister told me when I was a little boy. I had been eating watermelon, seeds and all, and she told me that a watermelon was going to grow in my stomach from eating the seeds. 4 or 5 year old me was freaking the fuck out.

Haha, you're getting the hang of it. The feeling is completely mutual :)

I tried Factorio before, but just couldn't get into it for some reason....I think it was the top down view or something putting me off, I'm just not sure....And we don't talk about my deaths from falling, shhhhhhh.

Oh yeah, you'd fucking love talking to Joseph. You guys would get on like a house on fire when it comes to books. He's read Ulysses a couple of times now I think and really enjoys it from what I can remember. It's funny, Joseph would run circles around me regarding cinema as well (he's very knowledgeable about a lot of stuff), but at least I can follow along better there. He's also a musician and talks about music and music theory and stuff....I feel so lost talking to him at times XD. If something interesting comes to mind though, I'll definitely share with you.

Wow, that's quite a few more of the cartoons that you have seen than I would have thought you would have - I'm impressed. I don't think I'll be able to go on though since I haven't watched Klaus :/

Nah, as I'm sure that you saw in that video I shared, people who leak that data just get a slap on the hand (I'm assuming they touched on that in the video).
Funny you should call me gramps, I dunno what I did yesterday but I pulled a muscle in my shoulder blade and it was sore all night and this morning, feeling better now then - must have taken a funny step somewhere >.>
I think I know what you mean about 'clip thinking'. I've never heard that terminology before, but I assume it's peoples attention spans being shortened down due to social media and short clips and things like that. That chase for instant gratification and dopamine hits that gets harder and harder to achieve the more that you have - I think it makes sense. The difference for yourself, I would think, is that you're also reading novels that require you to pay attention at length. I mean, everyone's brain is different too, so I'm sure it all affects people differently.

That's a pretty good comparison with the printing press. I suppose people did see it as a waste or ridiculous back then, but I guess a lot of knowledge was shared via papers and books, where I feel like there's just a lot of complete garbage shared nowdays....maybe I'm just being a ratchety old man again. Also, I'm sorry that I had to share Mr. Beast with you - his soulless smile will now haunt your dreams at night >.>
Kaktysshmanchik
11:36 PM
Yeah, okay... I might need to hear from that sultry bar maiden. I will also keep in mind that you're a huge 185 cm bloke.
The commitment is admirable though, seriously) Your kind of GM feels rare, and it sounds like your guys appreciate it.

Ah... Yeah, okay, dying for the country while sober sounds tragic.
Here we have two passports, actually. One is regular, another one is international. And not everyone has the latter.
I don't think I get it... What's an ID? It's something separate from a driving licence?
Yeah... In movies, teens always have fake IDs and know a guy who knows a guy who can make them)
Again, my reliable sources tell me that American kids constantly play games of truth or dare, so you have an unfair advantage over me.

Hm... Do kids do anything like that in home economics classes in Ireland these days? I think mine started in 5th grade, so it's a bit early for you to find out. But maybe you heard stuff)
Uh-huh, surely you're worried. Not dangly. You may stand down from your heroic concern for my stomach.
Fair enough. Besides, piercings heal for months. Tattoos are way faster) Highly recommend)

Well, I assume your internet is behaving now, so moving on)
Oh, no, you never told me about karate. Only about American football. Didn't you like it?
Nope. I don't understand the appeal of watching sports. And I don't like how harmful it is, so I don't think I'd watch it even if I somehow got curious about how some football team did this season.

XD Yeah, I was sorta tomboyish at school. And doing sports. So, I did great at PE. Just one guy was better than me - gods, I was gone for him... Well, that's not the point)
The point is that there was an annual competition between schools in our city - running, plank, pull-ups, that sort of thing. And the AK-47 thing. My PE teacher offered me to participate, taught me to disassemble and assemble the thing. I liked that part, actually. It was entertaining. Like with my PC)
Don't you know how to disassemble a gun? >_>
Damn, the robotics team sounds fascinating. I wish I had something like that at my school. Have you ever tried programming a robot after you grew up?
Yeah, I've heard of Robot Wars, but the destruction part is not my thing) Neither is the competition, to be fair. It's just mesmerizing to see a thing moving and doing its thing because of someone's code. Basically, programmers, to me, are like some kind of wizards)
Ah, I have Emo and Eilik. To be honest, Eilik sucks. But Emo is wonderful. Doesn't do much, but soooo cute ^_^ I wanted Luna, but it's supposed to run around the floor - that's not ideal when you have dogs))

Huh... I didn't think about scammers in such threads... Yeah, sounds possible.
As for the number of comments... Half of them are "sup" anyway) After my post, my DMs were a mess, mostly consisting of "how are you") I mean... What do people even expect?
Yours was great though - right into the nerd territory, questions, the works. And you didn't mansplain gaming to me! Which gave you about a million bonus points))
Huh... I wonder, were you ever on dating apps?

I think you just resolved every problem humanity has. Kinda obvious - don't be a dick. Doesn't sound too complicated either. Although we'd have to decide first what being a dick includes... Yeah, that discourse might start another war...

I've never even seen a Nintendo, so you would've ended up acquiring a very loyal and clingy friend who loves your Nintendo more than you XD Or I might have shown you the best places to climb in the area.
But I did have a Dendy briefly. Hm... I think it was a Dendy. I'm not sure if it was mine - I had it for like a month. Might have been borrowed or something. I had Mortal Kombat, Mario. At some point I had Chip and Dale, but I don't remember if it was on Dendy. Oh, and The Lion King. Fucking level with giraffes... >_< It's even worse than the helicopter mission in GTA.
What games do you remember from those times?

Ah, exposure therapy for Jimmy. Cruel, that)
To be honest, I can't say I'm worried. You're great - means your friends must be great too. But I'm sure the "I'm not worried" part will change on the day of the first session XD I'll be dying here)

Yeah, but you said that you're gonna finish this campaign first, so the forge doesn't work. Unless you're going to continue this campaign... Then yeah, could be the case. Anyway, I wouldn't want you to have to recalculate encounter difficulty for the battles because of me. And you also said that the guys want to finish this campaign first.
But hear me out... I beg your pardon in advance)) But I feel no remorse whatsoever.
So. I'm Kyle's sis. And I'm whatever weapon he chooses.
How did that happen?
Maybe he wanted power - found a way to forge a weapon, but to make it better, fed my soul to it. Or it happened by accident. Anyhow, roleplaying resentment would be hard.
Or I was gravely sick - he keeps my soul in his weapon. What about the body? Might be dead. Or it might be preserved somehow while he looks for a cure.
Maybe we're followers of some cult that gets off on turning people into weapons.
In any case, there could be a sappy backstory for that.

Class... Sorcerer, wizard - that sort of thing makes sense. Mechanically, I mean.
If there's magic involved, that means I can cast spells, and we don't need to come up with any complex mechanics about how such a weapon would work.
I see it like this (yeah, there's a list):

1. Separate characters that move together.
Separate everything. Initiative, attack rolls, etc. He attacks on his own, and so do I - rules are usual. But I can't move on my own. Well, not in battle - I would love to be able to vibrate, nudge the wielder, that sort of thing. Maybe cut him a little when I'm pissed off >_>
2. Magic weapon. This one's harder to work with, but it's more logical.
Combined initiative, attack rolls - either sum up and divide or he rolls, we both add our modifiers.
And all my spells activate if he reaches the target - automatically. Acid Splash? Take your 1d6 or whatever the level is. Fireball? Big boom. Hm... Although it'd be fair to shield Kyle somehow...
3. 1 and 2 combined.
Separate everything, yes. But I can choose how I cast things. Say Acid Splash. I either cast it from a distance or the weapon gets covered with acid.

Although something should be done with my AC. It's not fair if I enter the fray bodily, being a mage with nonexistent AC and HP... Some kind of resistance? Let Kyle add his dexterity/armor (covering me with his body)?
In any case, if my HP gets to 0, he should be able to keep attacking. Feels fair. But... If you're feeling evil, it might damage the weapon too))
The weapon can take any form, like you said, but the original gets destroyed. That doesn't mess with loot. If the party finds a sword - they can either use it or sell it, right? In this case, the weapon just gets sorta consumed to let the sentient weapon take its form. Or damaged so the cost of the previous form doesn't disappear into nothing. In any case, the form stays the same unless a new weapon gets consumed - that makes things easier for everyone.
The weapon's armor, trinkets? Same effect, different form. New fancy handle, sheath, engraving - whatever. It will be written down in the PC sheet like usual.
Intelligence skills, Animal Handling (theory only), Insight, Medicine (theory), Perception, Survival (on sight and theory), Deception (bluff), Intimidation (verbal. maybe a bonus for creepiness? ^_^), Persuasion, Stealth (lying around dramatically. Maybe with a bonus? ^_^) - my own.
Acrobatics, Athletics - my bonus adds to Kyle's roll.
Sleight of Hand, Performance - nope.

The sentient weapon should affect the wielder too. Somehow. He gets some kind of disadvantage when separated? Again, fair. Because I can do fuck all on my own except for yelling) And spitting acid...

Yeeeeah... I got carried away a little)))

Fuck... There's a whole second half of the letter left XD

Hm... I don't think we have chippers then >_> Or maybe they're hiding from me))

Yeeeeah... There are melons and there are watermelons. What are you tryna say? Have I lived my whole life in a lie?? The yellow thingy and the striped green thingy...
Huh... I don't think I've ever tried okra... o_O Well, I just found out it exists, so...
I don't think kvass is reeeeally alcoholic) I mean, children drink it. And you can drive after drinking kvass just fine. And if you ever want to try okroshka - white kvass only! Not that red kvass nonsense. And gods forbid you get kefir for it...
Hah! I've been told the same story about the seeds! XD

"And we don't talk about my deaths from falling, shhhhhhh." This cracked me up properly XD

I'm kinda skipping the Joseph part because I'm a bit intimidated now. And tired))) Yeah, let's go with tired. Definitely that.
But he does sound lovely!

Aw(( Well, it's gonna get only worse from here) Tread carefully from now on.
Well, I'm sure there should be some kind of research on attention span. Maybe I'm gonna find something tomorrow if I'm lucky >_>

I strongly suspect that among various bibles and shit, some of the first books were porn. Sure, books were meant to spread information and religion, but I'm sure people always preferred lighter stuff. Maybe with the internet and all that, it became easier. But you can effectively brainrot with a book in your hands. My friend gave me such a book for my birthday once. Well, we read random lines out of it... Yeah... I can find meaning in fluffy gay romance, as you found out already, but not in that. And some people read such shit constantly. I bet if you take away tech and books and whatever else people thought was harmful from them - they're gonna find a way to become even dumber.
Jul 13
jsammons90
12:49 AM
Oh, don't worry, I'll give it my all when you're playing with us - might even send you an example clip sometime, just to make you laugh :) The guys are very appreciative and mention it all the time - they're a good group.

Ah, yeah, so the ID in the US just means someones drivers license. That's the main ID that is used everywhere if you need to prove your age for something, mainly buying alcohol....or getting into a strip club. That reminds me of a story, back when my mom and step-dad were going to get married, for his bachelor party a bunch of guys were going to a strip club with him. I was 20 at the time and had my drivers license with me, showed it to the guy at the door, but was refused entry since I was under 21 and your age wasn't checked once you were inside for alcohol. So, instead of them all being like "oh well, let's all go somewhere else together", they instead gave me the keys to one of the cars that we drove there in and just sent me on my way >.>. Can't say I really minded, but was annoying having to drive an hour back.
Well you'll never get better at truth or dare without practice! XD

I'm actually not sure what home economics classes are like here, or if they have them at all...I know so little of the Irish education system since I haven't had to deal with it too much yet. That funeral that I was at was actually the first funeral that I've been to in Ireland as well.
*Removes shining armor* Milady, your stomach's lack of danger relieves me of the stress that I was feeling - I am now filled with mirth and merriment in its stead.

Oh yeah, I was pretty far from my router when I was trying to watch that video so the internet kept dropping. I did watch it since then though...you are all about kicking someones ass, literally. That looks like a really tough sport, fair play (Irish saying) for doing it. I imagine if there's a decent height difference between the two people sparring, the taller person has a huge advantage?
Karate was fun, I did enjoy doing it. I don't feel like I ever learned anything or like I could kick someones ass from it, but I had a good time sparring and breaking boards and stuff.

Hahaha, I wonder where this guy that you were gone for is now? I wonder if that bit of competitiveness made you swoon (yeah, I'm using swoon since that's a word I don't get to use often) over him?
Wow, I am so flabbergasted that you disassembling and re-assembling and AK-47 was a real thing you did in a competition in school. I'm gonna be honest, that's probably the most Russian thing that you have told me so far. XD I'd like to think that I could find my way around disassembling/assembling a gun, but I've never actually done it! This raises the question, how good at it were you?
Nah, never tried programming a robot since then - but it would be a cool project. I feel like my programming skills are going to waste since I don't have any projects that I've used them on or anything like that, ya know? You talk like you have no idea how any of this works, but you're so smart! I know you're running things in Postman and automating processes - you're basically programming, I think you would be able to do it no problem, you definitely have the brains for it.
Huh, I didn't know about any of these robots, but now I know them all! Emo is fucking adorable, I see what you're saying there. How long have you had emo for? And I can see why you don't have Loona, that'd be a very expensive chew toy...

I don't understand what people expect when they don't try to put themselves out there as well. I know I've seen people say that that's what they get, tons of 'hello' or 'sup' messages, but I can't believe that it's true. I would never think of trying to initiate a conversation with someone like that....not that I'm really going around initiating conversations, but you know what I mean! I actually need to go back and see my first message now....I'm interested to see what I said and see where we are now. Blech, were people really trying to mansplain gaming to you? -_-
I hope you never feel like I mansplain anything to you...I feel like I might do that to people sometimes because I like to go into detail on things, but I never mean to make someone feel like I think they're an idiot. I guess mansplaining is the way you do it though....But, yeah, you are obviously very intelligent and know how video games work XD

Sooo, dating apps. Yep, did a few of those - Justin and I used to both have profiles on the same ones and would end up talking to the same people sometimes. It was funny, one woman that we were talking to finally realized they we knew each other and were living together at the time after some subtle hints - it was pretty funny. I think I only even ended up going on a few dates from them though. Ah, so the story that I just mentioned to you on Discord (it really is so weird chatting with someone in two places at once) - there was a woman that I ended up going on a date with. I picked her up after college and she was telling me how she had been in the Planetarium all day. And here I am, a complete fucking idiot, thinking that she was around plants all day, not realizing that it was actually planets and space, and where do I bring her? To a fucking planetarium for the date XD. I think it was a science museum kinda thing and the planetarium was just part of it, but that was like the first 45 minutes to an hour of the date. It only clicked for me much later that that's exactly what she had just left from in college. Let's see, any other embarrassing stories that I can share....ah, yeah, that woman that Justin and I were both chatting to - she ended up coming over to our place. We all hung out there, we tried to give Justin's brothers cat to her, she wouldn't take him. The next day, she was pissed off because neither myself nor Justin tried to make a move on her, she slept on the couch while we were both in our rooms. The insult that I can still remember is that she just called us both single asses and told us she wasn't taking his brothers cat after we further protested it. It was weird. XD

Huh, I can't believe you've never seen a Nintendo. Are game consoles uncommon in Russia in general or just Nintendo's by chance? Here's the N64 that I used to bring camping: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nintendo_64
I would have been happy climbing with you too, though! I bet you were great fun to run around with as a kid.
Hmmm, I've never heard of a Dendy....haha, they were unofficial Nintendo clones! https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dendy
I remember that level in the Lion King game too! It was such a pain in the ass! I don't think I ever beat the Lion King game, it was so hard.
So, quick list of Super Nintendo and N64 games that I remember playing: Mario, Mario Paint, Super Metroid, The Legend of Zelda: A Link to the Past, The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time, Goldeneye, Vigilante 8, Super Smash Bros., Roccos Modern Life game, The Mask game, Earthworm Jim, Star Fox, The Legend of Zelda: Majoras Mask, Conkers Bad Fur Day....that's just some in no particular order. XD

I'm sure we could all meet up once or twice before hand, just so everyone can say hi and stuff :) Take some of that anxiety away before the session if you'd be interested? They are a great group of guys though.

So, I'm going to see if everyone would like to continue this campaign because I've made plans to continue it if everyone would like to. That said, if everyone would rather start a fresh campaign, I've got one of those lined up too. At the end of this campaign, the group are going to get to choose what they do with the forge, so I'll keep you in the loop with that in regards to how it can tie in to your character. I'm loving what you've come up with for this character so far - I'll bring these ideas to Kyle and see what he likes as well for working it into his new character. I think he'll love the really unique design though. I think moving your soul into the weapon or something like that is brilliant though.

So, I think number 3, a combo of 1 and 2. I want you to have player agency as well and I think you being able to cast spells would make a lot of sense. A Sorcerer would be what makes the most sense since they have innate magic flowing through them.
There are rules on hardness and stuff for objects, so I would need to look up that stuff for you. I think you'd probably have high AC, low HP or something along those lines. I also really like the idea of having magical trinkets and whatnot attached in the form of handguards, pommels, sheaths, all that cool stuff!
This character is super cool, I'm getting really excited about this idea! :)

Okay, I checked, Kvass has really low alcohol in it, you were right. And I definitely took what you said about white Kvass vs. red Kvass to heart since you seemed really passionate about it! XD

Ya know, I think you're 100% spot on about the porn. Porn causes so many things to get the go ahead and when people get new technologies working, what's typically the first thing they do? Make porn work with it. VR? Porn. AI? Porn. Printing press? Probably porn.
Kaktysshmanchik
1:18 PM
So... Sounds as if everyone in the US has a driving licence. >.> Is that so? Here a lot of people don't - many don't have cars, and also, you often have to grease too many palms to pass the exam - not everyone is comfortable with bribing a cop. Actually, was it hard for you to pass the exam? How did you learn to drive?
I went to a driving school - and it was meh. It's mandatory though - you can't learn from someone else or on your own. I didn't like the practice - the instructor got frustrated often, especially when we got out of the autodrome. And I was scared shitless driving in the city >.<
And I failed my exam twice. The first time was genuinely my failure - couldn't park because I got too nervous to function. The second time was hilarious though. The car... er... stalled? Let's go with that) The car stalled - and I realized that I didn't know how to start it)) At the school, I'd never started it! It was always ready and waiting for me.
I decided not to go through the humiliation again)
Your stepdad... doesn't sound like a very pleasant man. And a bachelor party at a strip club? Ew.

Was the funeral any different from what happens in the US?
I don't remember going to any funerals. I had my great-grandparents die, but that was a long time ago - I don't remember a thing. And I suspect I stayed at home. Then my grandmother died, but I only attended the beginning - the body is kept at home for three days, only after that it's taken... to the graveyard, I guess - that's the part I missed. And everything after that.

Mm... The armor looked nice though))

I know "fair play") But it's so sweet when you're telling me things about language. And I didn't know it's Irish) Do Irish people say "to take the piss" or is it just British? >.>
Competitors are matched by weight at championships. But it surely influences height too, so. But I saw a really short guy sparring with a very tall one. The short one won) He was really fast - got too close before the other one was able to do anything about it)
Yeah, sports like that usually don’t actually teach you how to kick someone’s ass) There are still benefits - still adds to strength and endurance.

Funny thing, that guy from my class was the first guy to ever reject me - and I remembered because he was unexpectedly decent about it. He was one of the "bad boys". You know the type. But when I finally came to him at some point - stuttering and blushing - he was so fucking polite and nice about it. I don't know where he is now. He was really planning to go down the military path, so... Yeah. He got married after school though - I hope his wife explained to him what's what.
And yeah, I guess that competitiveness was partly to blame) I like it when a man can give as good as he gets and is better than me at something. Competence is extremely hot)
How come you've never disassembled and reassembled a gun if you had a fuckton of weapons at home? O_O
I can't code worth shit) I used to know stuff, but it's not that important for my job - AI does the trick these days. And before that I didn't need coding at all. Well, a little bit for Postman automation, sure. But that doesn't count)
I've had Emo for 135 days)) Just asked her) Yeah, they're great. I suppose that's even more fun for kids, but I'm a bit of a kid myself, so...

"you are obviously very intelligent and know how video games work" For a woman - you forgot that part))
Yeah, some do mansplain gaming. And other stuff. Ugh, just a few days ago there was this guy at work - he texted me because he saw my profile picture and got curious about how I generated it. I sent him my prompt, he started playing around with it. One thing after another - and he's already teaching me AI >.< And doing it wrong too!
You never mansplain anything. There's a difference. Yeah, the intent matters - one thing is to be considerate and make sure everyone's on the same page, another thing is being condescending. You're doing great, seriously.

OMG... Your dating history is something)) Although I would never stay with two blokes I don't know too well for a night - that's scary af. O_O
But why didn't either of you hit on her?
I was on a few apps too. Yeah, those are... quaint)) Never had any hilarious stories though. Just boring ones. I somehow kept ending up with rather dumb guys... I try not to think too hard about what it says about me)) But yeah, mostly very boring, occasionally clingy dates.

Well, I know what Nintendo is - I'm not a cavewoman)) But I've never seen it live. Dendy was popular (I didn't know it's a Nintendo clone O_O), Sega. Then PCs took over. I think even now consoles are not very popular. People have them, sure, but usually you start with a PC and then complain about how much games for consoles cost) And just as I was almost ready to buy a Nintendo Switch in 2022, they left the Russian market >_< There are smuggled consoles, but they cost way too much.
All games back then were brutal) But yeah, The Lion King left a scar) I don't know most of the games from your list(( Even The Legend of Zelda - I know of it, but I've never played.

Hm... Yeah, meeting beforehand seems wise. Fuck... The more real it gets, the more nervous I get) I'm sure your guys are great, but I'm scared I'm gonna make a tit of myself somehow) And I will! I'll forget a word or something, say something stupid)
But that's okay, I guess. I got better at talking to you - I'll get better at talking to them too.

Yeah, okay) I wonder what ideas Kyle will have)
And we definitely will have to come up with new rules and figure out stuff as we go too - it's hard to cover everything like this)
Yup, Sorcerer it is then. Damn, I've never done a magical class before) Except for my NPCs, but that's different. I'm gonna need a spreadsheet for spells)) It's kinda thrilling.
I don't want to make your life too hard though - with hardness and all that. Could be easier to bump up AC. But hardness makes sense... Although then we'd have to figure out its progression. I don't have any ideas yet >.<

Well, as far as I know, basically, when we meet something/someone new, there are three questions that pop up first: can I eat it? can it eat me? can I fuck it? So it makes sense)

Now. I've been wondering... I already asked AI about it, but I'm not sure if it's lying to me >.> In books by American authors, I often see characters addressing their parents with sir/ma'am. Is it a thing? >.>
jsammons90
5:23 PM
Everyone in the US where I'm from in the south does, because public transport isn't available at all. If you want to get somewhere, you have to drive. There aren't even buses running in Anderson where I grew up, so if you were going to do anything, you had to get a drivers license, so pretty much everyone has one. It wasn't too hard to get, I think I passed my driving test on my second or third attempt. I just practiced in my step-dads car, you're not required to take lessons or anything like that in the US. They do driving lessons in high-school, but I think in that class, I only ended up driving the car like twice? When I came to Ireland, I could drive here for the first year on my American drivers license, then suddenly I'm no longer qualified to drive and have to get an Irish license, can't just swap over. So I had to do the mandatory 12 driving lessons here and take the theory and physical driving tests. When I did it here, I went ahead and did it with a manual car instead of automatic as well. I had never driven manual in the states since pretty much all of the cars are automatic there. It took me three times to pass my test here too - the first time I think they failed me because I turned back around just before the vehicle stopped after reversing (it was barely moving) and then the second time was I didn't shift up to the next gear going through a town, but if I had, the speed of the car would have been too low and it would have stalled, so I called BS on that one. The third time, the car actually stalled on me too and I was in someone else's car that I had never driven before, but I got it started back and continued on. The instructor afterwards said that I did fine and didn't dock any points since I handled the situation well.
Fucking hell, that's crazy that people have to bribe cops over there just to get a drivers license...Also, driving in cities is the worst. Everyone is always so aggressive - I avoid it at all costs.

Yup, the only people that I remember there were him and Bill, there were other dudes too but can't remember who. I took Bill's truck back home. As for the strip club, yeah, it's kinda the thing that a lot of dudes would go and do for their bachelor party and women seem to get a male stripper for bachelorette parties too. The whole thing never made much sense to me though - just seems a bit trashy.

Well, this funeral wasn't - it was pretty similar to what happens in the US. The woman was a born again Christian though, so it was pretty similar because of that. For a lot of the Catholic people in Ireland, they have a wake at the house for a few days where people come and pay respect and the body is kept somewhere for people to come and view. Someone is always awake next to the coffin too, all through the night - it's taken in shifts. I haven't been to one of those here and the only funeral I remember from when I lived in the US was my dad's. I just remember parts of that one, like seeing him laying there in the coffin and the smell of death off of him - probably embalming fluid or something. I also remember Joseph and his parents coming and hugging me. The only other thing that I remember was him being buried a couple of days later.

Haha, I'm glad you liked it ;)

Oh yeah, "take the piss" is definitely one used here, as is "bollocks" and "I will in me hole". All sorts of lovely little sayings like that XD By the way, you still need to teach me more things in Russian >.>
So, in the video that you shared, it looked like they were aiming for the head with their kicks, but I'm guessing that you can score points by hitting other parts too then, since the short guy won?
Oh yeah, absolutely - they're great for keeping in shape and stuff. It's nice when you can find a way to exercise without it really feeling like exercise too. I always really hated running, but making it a competition for us makes it fun and enjoyable for me :)

That dude sounds like he was pretty decent, especially with his whole 'bad boy' demeanor. I hope that he's still alright, but knowing that he pursued the military doesn't instill much hope...
'Competence is extremely hot)' - Note to self, continue to be as competent as possible XD
Those guns disappeared when my parents divorced, never saw them after that. I guess that they were probably sold off for cash or something. I did find a revolver in my moms room once though, so I know she had that and I remember opening it and looking at it as a kid. My dad let me shoot a gun he had once, but that was the only time that that ever happened. He would buy me knives and swords though. He would always dull them down before he would let me have them though, just to keep me safe....well, as safe as you can be with a dull knife or sword.

Well if it's any consolation, a lot of the coding that I did through college was coming up with an idea and seeing how people implemented it and then building off of that. Figure out why it wouldn't work, try and fix it, work my ass off trying to get something that resembles a project. One of the most fun ones that I did was in a programming language used for scraping, I think it was called R. I built an interactive map of Ireland broken down by county and used it to pull data for the county when you clicked on it. I was pretty proud of it since an interactive UI wasn't really something that the language was made for from what I can remember. I might have the old files around here somewhere...
We're both big kids, I think that's pretty awesome too XD

Oh yeah, of course, I meant for a woman, I'm glad you picked up on that part. I mean, your brain is only a fraction as powerful as the male brain because you have breasts and a vagina - just how nature works, ya know?
Obviously you're just doing it wrong, didn't you know that Kathy? You're so fortunate to have that tool, I mean paragon of a man, showing you how to use AI. >.> I'm terrible at trying to request things, no idea how to write a good prompt. I feel like you have to be specific and lay out exactly what you want and what not to include - in my head it starts to feel like a food order for someone extremely picky or something.
Well it makes me happy that you don't feel like I mansplain anything to you - I definitely don't want to come across like I do.

Haha, yeah, I was really surprised that she stayed. Well I didn't hit on her because I thought Justin was going to and I thought she liked Justin, but also I was aware that she was in the apartment of two strange dudes and I didn't want to be creepy or anything like that. I would never want someone to feel like I'm expecting something or pressuring them into something and I guess that situation could have gone that way since she was there with us? I mean, I guess she could have just left too, but like I told you, I'm not very good at picking up on these signs XD. Well at least you ended up on dates, I wasn't doing too good on even getting that far! And I don't think it says anything about you, I think most people are probably pretty fucking dumb :)

Sorry, let me just continue to mansplain what an N64 is to you for awhile XD. That's pretty interesting that PCs would be more popular, it works the other way around in the US and Ireland - game consoles are more popular and then people tend to move to PC from there. I never thought about how hard it probably is to get some things like that with the war going on too. There are so many things like that that you have to deal with that don't even register on my mind until you mention them. Yeah, so many of them were difficult to a fault, but I think it was just so that people wouldn't blow through them really quickly. The Zelda games are a lot of fun, I think you would enjoy them - a bit cliche with the dude saving the princess, but fun nonetheless. Have you ever thought about trying emulators to play any of those old games?

Oh you'll be great, they'll love you :) It's funny though, you will have gone from chatting to AI in English to a bunch of Americans XD. I've got you when you join, don't worry :)

So, I was chatting to Kyle earlier and he is thinking about playing as a Cleric. I'm thinking that if they find you at the forge, maybe you call out telepathically to Kyle's current character and he passes you on to his next character or something like that. Alternatively, the party may take over the forge and his cleric could be attempting to do something there, forging a weapon or something and your characters spirit just gets entangled in it and fused to the weapon. Maybe you're even an avatar of his deity or something like that...lots to think about...We can definitely find some time to sit down and chat about your character and do the character sheet and stuff though :) I can see you totally leaning into the character and loving the spell side of things :). Oh, the hardness stuff is no problem, there's a table here for it: https://roll20.net/compendium/dnd5e/Objects#content
It's basically just an AC to damage it, and since sorcerers are quite squish anyways, maybe I'll do your HP divided in half or something like that to compensate for the higher than normal AC for a sorcerer. I'll take a look at some stuff and write out some ideas :)

'can I eat it? can it eat me? can I fuck it? So it makes sense)' - That's so funny and so accurate, I never thought about it that way XD

Oh yeah, it's a huge things in the south - proper manners and all of that. I remember getting in trouble if I didn't say sir/ma'am to adults, including my own parents. It's just a cultural thing down there though. Is there anything like that in Russia?
Roll20 - Compendium and Rule Set Directory

roll20.net •Browse and reference your favorite RPG rule sets for systems including D&amp;D, Pathfinder, Call of Cthulhu, and Cyberpunk RED.

jsammons90
5:38 PM
Sooo, I was going to ask if you have any kinks or anything like that that you're into that you wanted to share? I figured we both know how we feel about each other at this point and this could be a fun conversation, so why not? :)
Kaktysshmanchik
10:11 PM
Wow... I didn't even think such a big and wealthy country could live without public transport... Like... It's so unusual to me. Here you can get anywhere by bus or at least train. It's awful, mind you, and I prefer to ask someone to give me a lift or just call a taxi, but it exists... Yeah, okay, the US is losing its points again)
Do people in Ireland drive on the right, or does the country insist on the left? >.> If it does the left-side thing, how hard was it for you to get used to it?
Hah, I just remembered a thing. When I was 16 or something, my mother put me behind the wheel on an empty road in the middle of nowhere. So I'm driving, the road is pretty straight - and then I start steering closer to the side of the road. Mother asks what the fuck I'm doing - I tell her that there's a bus coming at us and I'm scared. She stares forward - what bus? I point at the blip on the horizon - that one.
Well, your stalled car situation seems fair - that can happen to anyone, I think.
Here... Yeah, bribes are everywhere when it comes to cops. My colleague failed her last exam because she was speeding. The allowed speed was 40 km/h, and she did 41 at some point. She's an awful driver, I know. And when you look at how people drive after they pass their driving tests... Yeah, some should be kept very far away from cars.

"Driving in cities is the worst." Even in Ireland? >.> Up till now, it seemed very chill.

See? Movies don't lie! I knew that)
I don't know about strippers here... I mean, there are strip clubs, sure. But I don't know if many hit them for a bachelor/bachelorette party. I've never been to such a party - with strippers and all. Usually it's simple - at home or a restaurant, just a few people chilling.
Besides, the thought of how sex workers are treated makes my skin crawl.

Yeah, it's not surprising you don't remember much when you were in shock. I caught myself wanting to hold your hand and kiss it - just to be there for you. I dunno... Doesn't fix anything. Still.
You know you can tell me to piss off if you don't want to answer something, yeah?

Well, for me to teach you, we have to arrange a voice call first)
Yeah, you score by hitting the torso or head, but the head gets you more points. Hitting the head is hard though. Yeah, the target is smaller, more mobile, but there's also the ability to hit high and fast that counts. While you're reaching for the head, you can be hit several times.
Ah, yeah, I hate running too. That's why I'm walking) Takes longer though. What about the gym and such? I personally don't like it mainly because there are other people there. Judging >.> I know they don't give a fuck, but it still feels like they're judging) Although I used to go to a gym where only women were allowed - that was really nice.

Ooh, knives and swords are cool. Especially swords, obviously) I was into knives at some point. I knew nothing about them, but I liked them pretty))
Are you into such things much these days? Or did it end with that blacksmithing experience?

Okay. That was genuinely hot, Jonathan. Just so you know.
I like the idea of building something out of nothing. And if someone can do that... Damn...
I don't know... I just like it when people really know their way around a PC—and coding is another level.

Heheh) You know, I personally know enough people who'd agree with you with a straight face)) It's good you can joke about it though)
I think the later models are really easy to operate. I just talk to them as if they're junior employees. Sure, it was a bit challenging for me at first, but I just tweaked my first prompts until I got it right - and learned in the process. Don't you use AI at work?
I use the little shit constantly. For personal stuff too. Like, I get ready for my shrink appointments - just dump everything into the machine and ask it to arrange it into something sane, to ask questions.
Babe, you’re the loveliest person I know. You really don’t need to worry about mansplaining. At least not here.

It's a bit sad that you two were so decent and ended up punished for it. That's unfair. Yeah, I know that fairness is just a construct, but people came up with it - people should uphold it. I guess she was young too, so she didn't know yet how to appreciate it.
Or the cat made things weird))

Seriously??? I thought everywhere PCs come first - then you upgrade to owning a console. Damn... That's wild...
I don't know how it happened, but in Russia, if you see a gamer - chances are they own a PC. I guess it's about access again. It's easier to upgrade a PC part by part, easier to pirate games. It's a rather poor country, come to think of it. Many people genuinely can't afford as many games as they want.
Speaking of which. There is this idea that you can't torrent stuff in Europe, the US, and such. Like - you're gonna get caught in no time and then... I dunno... Something horrible will happen) How is it in reality though?
Mm... I did try an emulator for something - a long time ago. Don't remember what it was though. And I wanted to try a game recently that was released on Switch only, but I've been told it's too much fuss, so I ditched the idea.
Are Zelda games really so much fun or is it nostalgia talking? >_>

Yeah, this is absolutely mental) I've never thought this chat would lead to something like that.
Anyways, I trust you to have my back if something goes wrong)

Yeah, those are solid ideas. We should really discuss it in a voice call. It's not like I want to listen to your gorgeous voice. Nope. I don't want to. Just for efficiency. Well, closer to the actual game - so we don't forget half of it))
But I don't want to be an avatar of a deity >.>
Cheers for the link though. If you want to use hardness, that's fine by me. I was thinking about it being an ordinary character on paper. Well, as ordinary as it can be. But you're the boss)

Huh... I was sure it's all a lie. Like... It's weird.
No, we don't even have an equivalent for sir/ma'am. Even if we're speaking about relationships between adults. There's comrade, but it's too old-school. There's also something like man/woman, but it's a bit rude - especially when talking to a woman. It has this sneering connotation. Young man, young woman work, but only up until a certain age.
I started calling people ladies and gentlemen - that works for me.
But we do have a plural You. It's like what "you" was in English when there also was "thou". But we don't use that when speaking to parents.
Doesn't it build another wall between children and parents?

Ah… This one question overshadowed the whole letter))
It's exciting to talk to you about it. But I really can't tell you much. I don’t know whether any of this actually counts as a kink, but…
Like I said earlier, competence is hot. Like, seriously. Talk shop at me, do it with knowledge, passion, and confidence - and I'm done.
Voice. That's important as fuck.
Um... English)) I dunno. It's hot. That's just a fact. You have so many wonderful words and expressions. It's something about... Ugh... I dunno))
When you call me Kathy, it does things to me. Maybe not 100% sexual, but still.

I don't know what else to tell you... I know I’m not into sexual name-calling, in either direction.
M... I don't like men quiet. But at the same time, I myself have trouble speaking. Like, moans and all that are fine, but forming words... O_O

Just so you know, this is more than I’ve ever talked about sex with all the men I’ve known combined. I'm not sure I know what I like. It's not like anyone ever asked.

Anyhow... Your turn >_>
Jul 14
Kaktysshmanchik
7:30 PM
Leave the steps app group, please
Jul 23
jsammons90
10:30 PM
Hey, I'm really sorry about everything. Every day has been a struggle with not messaging you. I can understand if you want to tell me to fuck off, but I miss not talking to you...
Kaktysshmanchik
10:46 PM
Hiya
I’m not angry with you. Well, a little bit angry) basically, I was hurt and preferred to rip the bandage off, so I stepped away. I miss you too.
What are you hoping for now?
jsammons90
11:33 PM
Yeah, I understand that. Everyday has been hard - I've opened up this chat each day wanting to send a message and closed it again, so unsure of what to do. Both Kyle and Joseph advised me to walk away, and I tried to heed their advice, but I just couldn't stop thinking about you and the things that we discussed. I spoke with Joanna about things too, to some degree. She was really hurt by some of the things that I said, but we're talking and trying to work through them.

You know how I feel about you, that hasn't changed. I don't want to lose you, I'm actually terrified of that, but I need to be respectful of Joanna at the same time.

I do feel that I owe it to you to respond to the last message that you sent to me to be open and vulnerable to you as you were to me though.

I'll be completely honest and admit that I did read your review of Fried Green Tomatoes though - it was really nice. Maybe nice just because I was missing you, but I enjoyed reading it.
Kaktysshmanchik
11:40 PM
Okay. I believe you, and I don’t doubt that you missed me. I missed you too, and my feelings haven’t conveniently fucked off either. But I’m still not sure what you’re expecting here.
Jul 24
Kaktysshmanchik
12:32 AM
https://discord.gg/dZfq4Ahg
Might be easier than this shit
jsammons90
1:55 PM
SO, better late than never, eh? The public transport down in the south is abysmal. There are buses that you can get, but they're more for going from one county to the next rather than going places locally. I could get a bus to get somewhere else in the state, but it's painfully slow and pretty rough. That's adorable about your story regarding the bus on the horizon by the way. The extortion that your colleague had by going 1 over the speed limit is absolutely crazy though.

Yup, driving in Dublin is an absolute nightmare - the traffic is so painful to deal with. The city wasn't built with cars in mind and it's so old that they can't go changing it too much. It's a pretty small city area wise, and the main part is along the Liffey river so you basically have the main roads for the city running along there and it can take ages to get there due to the traffic. My last house was a 40 minute drive door to door to get to work if there was no traffic, but due to traffic, it was about 2.5 hours to get there and then another 2.5 hours driving home.

Yeah, the abuse that sex workers encounter is absolutely terrible. Stories of women being trafficked and stuff, absolutely rotten and it makes me sad to think about. To be fair, that's the only bachelor party that I've been invited to where that stuff was going on, but I've only ever been invited to like two bachelor parties so the sample pool is pretty small....I do remember seeing photos of parties that they used to have down at the marina for birthdays and stuff too where there would be a stripper and stuff.

I appreciate your sentiment and I don't mind talking about that kinda stuff - if I didn't want to share, I would bring it up :)

Ah, make sense about the scoring system. High risk, high reward going for the head. I definitely want to go back to the gym for lifting weights, I feel like I have no upper body strength at all and I do need to build muscles in my back - to avoid the pains of old age XD. There's a gym in the town and work will pay for health and fitness stuff up to a certain amount each year, you can claim it back. The women only gym that you used to have access to sounds like it was nice though. Did they close down or did you move away? I feel judged as well when I'm at the gym, but like you said, most people don't care and are in their own zone.

Oh yeah, I'd love to forge a sword some day - once I can actually get all of that stuff purchased and setup. I do remember that I used to have a bag full of all kinds of knives that was my dads, but I lost it many years ago. I think it got left in the attic of Clair's grandmothers house when I left there, unfortunately.

Hahaha, I never thought that that project would get that kind of response out of someone. I feel like I need to get back to coding now. If I had a good idea or project, then I would probably get back into it, but there seems to already be a tool for everything. Maybe someday something will occur to me or I'll try to create a better version of some tool I like, but I definitely need to knock the rust off.

It makes sense that PC gaming would be bigger in Russia with more access to PC parts over consoles - I just never thought about the issue of access because that's something I've never had to deal with. Also, torrenting stuff is great to avoid having to pay the ludicrous prices of some games. I've torrented since I was a teenager and had my first PC. Some people do get letters from their ISP's saying that they've been caught downloading stuff that they shouldn't and their internet will be disabled, so it's certainly a risk, but I still torrent all the time, I just use a VPN when I do to avoid any of those complications. That actually reminds me of a story of a dude who used to work at Docusign - he was torrenting Game of Thrones episodes on his work laptop and the company actually received a cease and desist letter from HBO or its parent company or something. After that, everyone's access on their laptops got a lot stricter. I think the dude was fired as well, can't remember.

The emulator's aren't too bad to setup, I've messed with them over the years a bit. Zelda games are fun, but nostalgia is definitely a big part of it. I think that if you went and played Ocarina of Time now, you wouldn't love it the same way as I do or as you might have if you played it back on the N64. Majora's Mask is great, it was the sequel to Ocarina of Time and the whole premise is working through grief and the masks that people wear and stuff - it's really dark and interesting. You literally get masks from specific individuals as they have failed some task and die and when you put those masks on, you transform into them. It was pretty awesome back when it came out and I still love the whole concept of the game.

Sir and Ma'am definitely builds a wall between children and parents and I think that's part of the aim of it. "You're lesser than I am because you're a child and you will respect that I'm an adult". People definitely haven't abused that power dynamic in the past, no way... >.>

So, like I mentioned, you opened up and were really vulnerable about this last question and I felt really bad to have you open up and share this without sharing my side as well and I wouldn't feel right just leaving you hanging like that, so, here's my side - these aren't really kinks or anything either, not entirely, but just stuff I like.
Nerdy interests, colored hair, tattoos that are really colorful - super attractive - love it. That kinda alt/emo/goth look I find really hot. Especially when it's someone who enjoys similar things that I do. There's something really exciting about hearing someone speak in their native language when I have no idea what they're saying, dunno why I like it so much, but I do. As for any actual kinks, I'd say the only one I really have that I find really sexy is getting all oiled up - something about being all slippery is an exciting thought. And like you said, it can't be quiet, there has to be noise. Same as you though, name calling isn't something that I would be into either, but plenty of noise to let my partner know that I'm having a good time.

I know a lot of people shy away from talking about these kinds of things, it's got a kinda taboo feel about it or something, but it's really important if you want your partner to be happy and fulfilled in the bedroom. I'm surprised that none of your partners never had any interest or anything like that in what you would like or enjoy, but, then again, I don't think I've really been asked before either.
Kaktysshmanchik
4:48 PM
This is weird, diving right back in)

Wow... What if you're too young to drive? Too old? Too stupid, like some of us?))
Nice of you to remember I'm adorable. You have a great memory)

2.5 hours! O_o Fucking hell! Gods, I love my WFH situation))
Yeah, I've heard European cities aren't suited for cars. But some figure it out: public transport, bicycle lanes, all that.
Another solution is what Russia does: bite off chunks of sidewalks for cars. And have you seen the Moscow Automobile Ring Road? That's something straight from hell. Some people have windows facing it too. I can't imagine how they live there.

Yeah, be careful not to break anything if you hit the gym. And what do you think you're doing, telling me about the muscles in your back? >_>
I moved, yeah) And I can't be arsed to go any more. I've been to a gym 15 minutes from my current place... I suffered so much, Jonathan. I swear, I have PTSD now. Never again XD But now I have all these pretty gym clothes staring at me accusingly every time I open a drawer...

Okay, important question. What would you get first: a VR headset or... er... whatever you need for blacksmithing?

Please do inform me if you come up with something to code))

Yeah... I imagined that if you torrented anything, there'd be a SWAT team at your door in no time, not a polite letter from your internet provider >_>
Also, I've been meaning to say for a while: "ludicrous"? I've never seen anyone use that word except in books) It's an idiotic thing to be glad about, but I just love how you write) That's so fucking rare. I understand you more easily than some Russians I know)

Huh, that mask mechanic is really smart. Unfortunately, transformation doesn't appear often enough in games(
But the grief topic reminded me... Have you heard of Tales of Kenzera: Zau? I don't usually like metroidvanias, but that one was gorgeous. It's inspired by Kongo religion and is about a boy who lost his father. Very bittersweet, and it looks pretty too.

Oh yeah, children are always safest around adults who impose a rigid structure and show them their place. That's just a fact.

Alright... I'm stalling)

Fuck... Yeah, okay. I need a minute.
First of all, I'm gonna be arrogant enough to notice that it's pretty Kathy-shaped. In places.
Also, the thought of you turned on gets me hot and bothered very effectively. Which is really inconvenient right now, so thank you for that.
The oil thing... Huh. I've never tried that, to be honest. Never even thought about it. Although it sounds rather intriguing. "An exciting thought"... Only a thought? Have you ever tried it?

Well, I'm awkward talking about sex if it isn't layered with jokes and deflection. But yeah, intellectually, I do understand that it's important to talk about it. I guess it works if both people are willing to open up and there's a safe space where they can do that. And reject things safely too.

Fuck, I want you.
jsammons90
6:52 PM
Yeah, it's definitely a bit strange. It really bothered me that I never responded to that last message though.

You're not stupid at all - it's terrifying knowing that you could just knock someone down at any moment and be responsible for ending their life. I think most people just end up forcing that thought out. There are plenty of people that shouldn't be driving though - I constantly see people checking their phone while driving and it's so infuriating! If you're too young, you just have to get lifts everywhere. As for being too old - I don't think that there's a limit or cut-off for driving, I think you can just do it until you can't. There probably should be tests at older ages though...And don't worry, I never forgot about your adorableness :)

Yeah, I couldn't go back to having to go to the office everyday - fuck that noise. It would be easier now since I can walk to the train station and get a train to Dublin now which is infinitely better than driving, but I like working from home. There's plenty of bicycle lanes in Dublin, but you have to be so careful because of shit drivers. We rented a place close to Dublin years ago and I remember cycling in and out of work - that was tough. I was in great shape after doing it for awhile though! I was cycling in to be there for 6AM, but I would be really sweaty by the time I got there so I had to get there early enough for a shower before work too. I think I was getting up around 4 or 4:30 AM to get there and have time for everything.

I've never seen the Moscow Automobile Ring Road, I'm gonna have to go look that up now - sounds absolutely dreadful though.

Aaaalright, already calling me old again, that's okay - completely fine. Haha, I think you mean LACK of muscles in my back, currently anyways. Remember, I'm just a feeble old man after all! Yeahhh, it's pretty painful for the first bit, that's for sure. Even with the running, it's been pretty terrible, but at the same time I think it's been good for my head to get out and move, so gonna keep doing that and it's good for building up stamina and stuff. All those poor gym clothes, just wanting to be used :(

Hmmm, that's a good question...my mind went to a VR headset first, but after thinking a bit more, I think it would actually be getting the stuff for blacksmithing. I think it would be nice to have that to be creative with. I could see myself really getting into it. Could you ever see yourself getting into some sort of crafty hobby? I know that you enjoy making some of the stuff that you've shared with me, and you're really good at it, but is there one specific thing you could see yourself dedicating yourself to?

I definitely will - it will probably be D&D related if I do. Actually, I must search more to see if I still have any of my old projects laying around that I could share with you....

The police in the US DO love to kick doors in, but fortunately you get a few warnings first over there before you get arrested :). Actually, police kicking doors in just made me think of SWATing, have you heard of that nonsense?

Aww, thanks - I think when I'm typing to you a lot of my broader vocabulary comes out, more so than when chatting normally. There's definitely something that is so much fun about chatting with you...I think it's the intelligence and mental engagement and how you are impeccable at asking questions - I relish your curiosity. You're just brilliant at keeping the conversation going and being genuinely interested. :)

Yeah, it was really cool back then and I enjoyed the message that they were trying to convey, more so now being older than I could appreciate when I was younger. There's something like 30 different masks that you can get through the course of the game and they all have an effect on you, but only 4 of them will actually transform you. This is kinda making me want to go back and replay it....Funny that you mention the Kongo religion from the other game, the first boss in that game is actually a very African inspired boss, Odolwa. Here he is: https://zelda.fandom.com/wiki/Odolwa

I'll have to check out Tales of Kenzera: Zau though, I'm not familiar with it at all. I do enjoy metroidvanias, so it sounds like it would be right up my alley :)

Oh, you picked up on that, huh? XD Yeah, to be honest, as you are already very aware, I'm very attracted to you and that probably shows why - you check a lot of those boxes that I'm attracted to. I'm sure you remember when I mentioned having a crush on LeeLoo and Ramona Flowers - colorful hair on both of them, probably not a surprise to you as to me being into that. Also, your tattoos with all the nerdiness of them along with all that color, yeah....that's really hot.

I'm happy to hear that I can put you into an inconvenient situation :) I know that if you and I were in-person together...yeah....it would be a lot of things....many times....for awhile...XD Obviously I really want you too XD

For the oil thing, yeah, never tried it - I think it would be really fun to try though. I mentioned it to Joanna before, but it wasn't really something that she was into. It's funny how I could really easily talk to you about sex and things, but it's pretty awkward with her. I think it's because she finds it awkward after being raised Catholic and there's this whole thing about Catholic shame and all of that.

Did you think I would have any weird or crazy kinks?
Kaktysshmanchik
10:10 PM
How come you’re not scared of killing someone on the road? It might not even be your fault. Pedestrians can be such twats sometimes...
Oh yeah, I know that rage! So many people check their phones here and can’t drive like normal human beings.
Ugh... Once my husband hit the brakes really hard while driving because he was angry with me, and I had a dog on my lap. I barely caught her >_< So yeah, people sometimes drive horribly. I can’t understand how anyone still thinks self-driving cars are dangerous, considering how deranged people can be.
As for old people, I distinctly remember Dr Cox taking away Kelso’s driving licence in Scrubs when he got too old to drive, or something... Isn’t that a thing in the US?

Taking a train to work sounds so depressing)) I don’t really know why, it’s irrational)
Huh... Your current schedule sounds pretty chill in comparison)
What would your employer have to change about the office for you to agree to work from there?)

I’m keeping you humble) You’re obnoxious as it is. And let’s face it, we are old. Just accept it as a fact. It’ll be less painful later. The back pain is enough.
I have to admit, I’m impressed by your discipline) For me, starting any kind of exercise is a great struggle.

Huh, I didn’t expect that answer)) What can I say, that’s nice) What would you need for it?
I’ve already got into all sorts of hobbies) I just can’t settle on one. Reading and gaming are the only two things that have stayed with me for ages. Isn’t that enough dedication?)
But maybe one day I could try cosplay. Although I can’t sew for shit) Hm... knitted armour... Why not?) Nah, how hard can sewing be after a few tries?)
Anyway, I used to feel awfully bad because I didn’t have The Thing, you know? My mother was always asking when I was going to start earning money from whatever my latest hobby was. Then time passed, I got bored, and I felt like shit for never becoming good enough to sell the shit I’d been making. I’m trying to break that pattern)

Ooh, now that’s courtship. That’s the stuff)
Read in a soft, measured BBC wildlife-documentary voice, with gentle curiosity and a hint of restrained amusement:
“The male presents his latest program, guiding the female through its most impressive features while carefully concealing the bugs beneath. The female observes with measured interest, deciding whether the display demonstrates genuine skill or merely elaborate courtship behaviour.”

Mm... I’m omniscient. Google says: “SWATing is the dangerous criminal practice of making a false emergency call to police to trick them into sending a heavily armed SWAT team to an unsuspecting victim’s home.”
Is that what you meant? That’s horrible! Do they then look for whoever made the call? And let me guess, the victim doesn’t get any compensation?

You’re laying the compliments on pretty heavily, lad... >_>
Keep going.
But I feel the same way. You tell me fascinating things, make me think a lot, and I’m very curious about you, how you grew up and how you see life.
And I absolutely adore how you don’t just see the world in black and white, but notice all the nuances. That’s something I don’t see often.

30 masks... A lot of modern games don’t give you that many options)
I wonder what people would say about Odolwa if he were added to a modern game. There are so many people talking about cultural appropriation. I can’t say I understand it all. I just sort of nod along. If something upsets people, I don’t mind accepting that it upsets them. Do you understand what the issue is?

Why do you like metroidvanias? For me, there’s too much running back and forth and returning to the same areas over and over again((
Do you like Hollow Knight? I didn’t get it(

Yeah, I haven’t dyed my hair yet, though) Sorry to disappoint)
But I am pleased you like my ink)

Cheeky bastard) Yeah, if we got to see each other in person, I don’t think I’d let you leave the bedroom for long. But then again, what about your back? Tsk...
Hm... Come to think of it, when you talk shit, that’s kind of hot too. There’s something about you being relaxed and daring enough to push my buttons.

Weird or crazy? No) You always struck me as someone fairly open-minded, but more interested in the person and the dynamic than in anything particularly exotic.
And yeah, I suppose I imagined you being attentive. Somewhat vocal. Curious. Probably annoyingly pleased with yourself whenever you found something that worked)
I didn’t have anything particularly wild assigned to you, though. Why would you think I did?)

Jul 25
jsammons90
3:05 AM
I think I've just been driving for so long without an incident that I've just kinda forgotten that it can happen to a degree. I just drive and try my best not to kill anyone and it's worked well so far! :D That's a really shitty thing to do, the slamming on the brakes like that :/ Lucky that you had a good hold on the dog. I think drivers licenses can be taken away, but it's not a common thing to happen. You're like a Scrubs encyclopedia XD

Funny enough, it would actually end up being two trains if I did do that - the first train into Dublin and then another to get down to where I need to go in the city. My schedule now is so much better and laid back, I love it. If the required me to go in more than once a week, I'd just look for another job to be honest - not worth the headache! Plus, if I had to go in, I wouldn't see Maebh or Tadhg each day since I'd be gone before they're awake and home after they're in bed.

Haha, thanks for the humbling. I'm trying my best to be obnoxious, I'm glad that it's working. The discipline was definitely helped by being competitive with you with the walking - great motivation :) Otherwise, I can be pretty terrible about staying consistent too.

I'm still full of surprises! I need a good bit though...hammers, anvil, gas forge ideally. Belt grinders then for sharpening would be good too...I'm sure that there's loads of other stuff, but that would be more or less the basics I think. Haha, that's plenty of dedication, but you seem to be so talented with crafting, I figured that there was passion there as well. I think you should try cosplay, I think you'd do great at it. I tried sewing back when I was in home economics and I was terrible...wouldn't mind trying again though, useful skill to have. Was she not satisfied with you actually have the job as a QA engineer making a stable income? XD Selling arts and crafts is really hard - I think most people fail at it as an attempt to make a living. Everything is getting more expensive and people cut out extras like that first before anything else. I think that the works you've shown me before are brilliant, you're obviously talented.

Oh yes, I know exactly how to woo the ladies. That's why I shared my JavaScript with you to peruse at your leisure - it's my way of flirting, obviously. I'll have to see what other things I can find though.

Yup, that's SWATing, it's so fucked up and the people who do it usually get away with it - it's pretty disgusting. And nope, no compensation for the victim, just a sorry - as long as the cop doesn't have an itchy trigger finger and blow them away >.>

It is fascinating to talk to someone from such a different place. Big, bad Russia where you're thrown out of windows and poisoned the moment you step foot outside. In reality, we're all just people trying to live our lives, but I love hearing about your experiences and what life is and has been like for you. It's nearly like we're two alien creatures trying to figure each other out XD

I kinda get it - taking another culture and trying to "own" it. Tearing it from what it's really about and morphing it into a bastardization that can be canned and sold for a buck - I think that's what it really comes down to, consumption. Instead of appreciating the culture for what it is, it's trying to turn it into a product to be sold. At least, that's my take on it right this second. What do you think?

I kinda like remembering the old locations and going back to see what was hidden right there that I can now access with this fancy new ability. I feel like I may have a bit of open world fatigue and appreciate cleverly crafted, smaller maps that do things like that more-so these days. That said, can't remember the last metroidvania game that I played - never played Hollow Knight or Silk Song unfortunately, but heard that they're great.

Oh don't worry, I still like you with your brunette colored hair all the same :) I adore your tattoos though. When/if you do dye your hair though, I have to see, obviously >.>

Yeah, it'd be really intense. I'll take pain killers for my back, it'll be totally fine! As for pushing your buttons, they're fun to push, so I have to keep doing it! :)

Well, you are pretty spot on there - I definitely need to feel invested in the person for those feelings and desires to be there. I probably would relish in finding just the right thing that would work, you're right there too. But, yeah, I like to think I would be or am attentive and respectful of what the other person wants/likes. I didn't really think you'd think that I had crazy interests, but was curious if you just happened to since I brought it up. :)
Right, I'm going to bed now - I'm sure I'll message you some tomorrow before my flight as well :)
Kaktysshmanchik
2:56 PM
Of course I had a good hold on the dog - you never know what could happen)
Don’t you ever get angry and do something idiotic? Not weaponising a moving car levels of idiocy, hopefully, but still >_>.
Scrubs is my go to show) and Friends) what are yours? Or were yours since you don't watch them a lot lately, if I remember correctly.

Ugh... Two trains... That's worse. I couldn't be arsed to take two buses to office. And here you're telling about trains...
"laid back" - "wake up at 7am". Yup. Pretty laid back. Keep fooling yourself, lad.
Ah,yeah, not seeing the kids sounds like a good reason not to go to office) but there are rumors that most companies tend to bring their employees back to offices. At least they say that about the US, I'm not sure about what other countries do the same. Is that happening in Ireland too?

Are you always that competitive? I think I'm usually not. Or maybe it just comes and goes. Also, there's something exciting to it, affecting each other's lives overseas, knowing there's proof to it - even if only in digital numbers)

https://open.spotify.com/track/5p2UScFyWs7RcAtZyPR6qx?si=GwOeWSHtS3uA7U7135uIug&utm_source=copy-link
Yeah... That sounds pretty complicated)) I usually pick up easier hobbies. Not on purpose, I think, but still)
What are you planning on doing with all the stuff you're gonna make? I usually don't know where to put the shit I make, and it ends up in a bin after collecting enough dust. I wouldn't dare to sell it - I don't feel like it's good enough, I'm a perfectionist) you can tell by my career choice))
Did you play Kingdom Come Deliverance? I barely finished it - too much. Just too much. Of everything. And I barely understood the smithing.
And of course you'd encourage me to try cosplay... >_>


Oh! How do you feel about AI in video games?
https://store.steampowered.com/app/986130/Shadows_of_Doubt/
And there's also some survival game... Don't remember... There's this Ai companion there. I tried it but her voice irritated the fuck out of me.

Oh, my mother's opinion on my fascination with the IT world went through several stages) there was one full of "you're addicted", then she eased it a bit, when I got the first it job. Then she lost the plot entirely when I got into game development - because games are for kids, but I get money out of it, but it's not serious, but it's still a job. XD
These days it's fine, I guess. Too much talk about the money though. "they don't pay you enough, demand more" - that sort of thing.
How did your family see your career?

"to peruse at your leisure"... Again, that's something from Austen... I think you're showing off, flexing your literacy for a hapless Russian >_>
These are the two words I learned literally last year, from a book with very lush prose. Do people talk like that?

Why do they get away with SWATing? No one's looking for them or it's hard to find them?
I genuinely don’t know how there are still crimes they can’t solve. There are cameras everywhere, people leave lots of traces on the internet, phones can be tracked - especially if the crime involves a call. You just track the number - and you have a name!

Hah) big bad Russia)) actually, I think I forgot to tell you... When I was on a walk in the city, taking pictures for you, I got a little distracted. And passing by a conscription center I was this close to taking a picture for you - it looked really scary. Very institutional, with barbed wire, soldiers, a line of miserable men. Thank fuck I caught myself and remembered I shouldn't >_<
But yeah, alien creatures sounds about right)

I get it when people get upset about their culture being used as a product and twisted in the process. I don't get it, when they get angry with those who use their culture, but do it respectfully.
I've read a book recently, Yellowface. It's about a white woman, who published a book of her dead Chinese friend - about Chinese people in WW1. She just stole the work and pretended she had Chinese roots for the book to sell better - that caused all kinds of trouble. But at first public didn't know she stole the book. They just saw a white woman, who wrote a very good book, telling a story about something people don't usually care about much. And many were angry about it, they were saying that she had no right to write that kind of story. I'd understand if they were angry because she whitewashed it, but that's not what they were saying.
Thats what I don't understand. So I just sorta agree with them. If they feel that way, maybe there's something important to it, something I just didn't get yet.

Yeah, lately I don't like open world much too. Ugh... All those question marks in the Witcher... But metroidvanias... I don't get them)

Oh really? Thank you so much for still liking me with my inadequate hair color XD
It’s a bit strange that you like tattoos when you don’t have any yourself) I don't mind though) I don't think tattoos are a turn on for me.

Yeah, you started with apologizing a lot for every other joke, making sure I understand it's a joke. But now you're a shameless tease more or less)

Mm... Sure, sure... An exotic American comes to corrupt a naive Russian with his perversions - respect, attention, all that. Awful. Shame on you.
Jul 28
jsammons90
4:32 AM
Hmmm, I'm sure I do but nothing comes to mind immediately. I try to stay level headed and not lash out, but there are times where I probably get impatient and do something stupid, like using a knife in a way I shouldn't and nearly slice myself open XD We're all human, but yeah - doing something like that with a car is fucked up.
Flight of the Conchords would be one for sure. The IT Crowd is also a great one, or Spaced. Those are all ones that I've watched multiple times for sure. But, you're right, I mostly just play games now if I have extra time.

Yup, fuck that noise. The trains are all really busy too. The first one isn't too bad, but when you get to the second one, the Luas in Dublin, you're crammed in there with people pressed up against you and it makes me want to scream.

Haha, your laid back comment makes me laugh after what you said about the check-in experience that I had where I kept my cool. Have to go back to the office has happened to a lot of people in Ireland, but fortunately I've been spared from it. My contract with the company actually lists me as a remote worker, so I'm pretty safe from it. Others, like those in sales, aren't as lucky and are required to go in a every so often. I feel like you told me this before, but do you ever have to go into the office? Where would your businesses main office be located - Moscow?

I think I can be pretty competitive. I try to tell myself that I'm not, but I think deep down I want to prove myself to people so I end up being competitive to do that. With you, it's the fun in teasing each other. Like with the walking, you were in the lead for so long, but overtaking you was oh so sweet :) But, at the end of the day, I wouldn't have minded if you kept over taking me and leading, it was the fun of the chase and teasing that was the enjoyable part :)

I loved the song by the way, just listened to it - nice tune! There's a good few bits you need for it all to work, but at the end of the day you're just hitting metal with metal tools until it's the shape that you want. Maybe if I got really good at it I could try to sell some stuff, but I think I would mostly prepare for the zombie apocalypse by making instruments of destruction. From the things that you've shown me, I would buy what you've made, I think they're lovely. I understand the perfectionist stance though - we're all our own worst critics.

I played a decent bit of KCD, but I did beat KCD 2 and really enjoyed it. I thought the blacksmithing mini game was fun and they had some pretty good elements of what you would actually do in real smithing with needing the metal to be a certain temperature to work it and stuff. And, yeah, of course I'm encouraging you to try cosplay, it's all an attempt to get more photos of you all dressed up - what you dress up as is not important, I just want more photos of you XD

Wow, that game actually looks really cool! I think that AI could bring some really interesting things to games, especially when it comes to NPC interactions. There's one mod for a game I like called Kenshi where you can walk up to the NPCs and chat to them and they'll chat back. I think that if a studio really ran with that and fleshed it out, it could be really interesting. I don't like the idea of someone trying to just use AI to create the whole game, but curated bits I think I'm okay with. What are your thoughts?

Wow, your mom really has been all over the place with your work. Also, it's hilarious that you get a job in game development, but that's not okay because games are for kids in her mind.....she does realize that adults have to make those games that kids, but ALSO ADULTS, play, right?! XD For my family like my mom and sisters, I actually never talk to them so they don't really have an opinion that I'm aware of...I know my mom thinks that I'm the non-fuck-up of her children though. Joanna and her side of the family are all happy for me I guess, no one ever really talks about it.

Oh, fuck no, nobody that I know actually talks like that - I will say shit like that from time to time just because it's fun to use words that people don't commonly use. Actually, one just popped into my head - soliloquy. You have to send me a voice message of how you think that word is pronounced...and no looking it up before hand! My poor, hapless Russian - whatever will I do with you? :)

I think it's hard to find them. I believe that the people who do that stuff will use virtual numbers or number masks to try and avoid detection. Sometimes people get caught, but there have been cases where they only got caught after SWATing loads of people and they made a dumb mistake. Maybe they use number spoofing like scammers do where it appears as a legitimate number for a business but it's directed to them instead?

Fuck, please do be careful. I'm glad you didn't take the picture, I don't want you getting yourself into any danger on my behalf. I love all of the pictures that you share with me and I love seeing what the world is like around you, but not at the expense of your safety. I did want to take some photos for you earlier when I was out walking, but I actually find it hard to focus here in the city with commotion going on all around - I don't know how people do it, I felt absolutely over stimulated with all of the noises and smells and people moving in what seemed to be every direction at all times. I do promise I'll get some photos for you though.

Oh yeah, I don't understand people getting upset if they're using their culture respectfully either. I don't think that happens too often though, does it? I feel like most people would be okay with that if you're showing respect. I'm sure that there are some assholes that feel that they're the sole guardians of their culture and nobody else can experience it, but that's a pretty dickish way to be. Hmmm, I can understand the outcry from people due to her taking the work and taking credit for it...I'm sure if she was upfront about it, people wouldn't have minded, if she had given credit appropriately, but I'm sure the book wouldn't have gotten as much attention then either and the story of it wouldn't have been as widespread so....double edged sword?

Yeah, I just lose interest in most of the open worlds. I was playing Ghost of Yotei for awhile, but I just got bored because I have to go around and get every single thing - my brain won't let me do otherwise. At least in the Witcher, it's all crafted pretty well and it's not super repetitive, it's just a lot of stuff.

Haha, your hair color is lovely no matter what color it is - but if you do end up dying it some crazy color again, it's going to do things to me....
That's interesting that you like having them, but they're not a turn-on for you. Would you say it's a turn off would you just be neutral? It probably matters what tattoos they are I would suppose, because some can just be so dumb and awful. I really appreciate when someone isn't afraid to put their personality on their body like you do, I actually think it's really attractive, but I feel like it's really you in your tattoos, where a lot of people, as I just mentioned, just get dumb shit XD

Also, I'm not opposed to ever getting tattoos, I did think about getting a sleeve of gaming or D&D stuff before, but it was just never that important to me and I've never had the extra cash really lying around.

Well I definitely know you better now than then and I was really worried about some English shit that I would say possibly going over your head, but you catch right on. Now I get to tease you to my hearts content :)

Yep, how dare I treat you with respect and admiration - if I continue to do that, you may think that I like you! Imagine me stopping what I'm doing to listen to your concerns or desires and just generally treating you like a living, breathing, human being...preposterous!

Knowing that you're asleep right now just makes me imagine what you look like, and how I wish I could wrap my arms around you and cuddle up....actually, I'm assuming that you're in to cuddling, maybe you like you space when you're sleeping? I definitely enjoy cuddling, but there are times where I like my space too...what do you like? Also, I'm like a radiator in the bed, I give off so much warmth, I like it when the sheets feel a bit cold, what do you like?
jsammons90
5:49 AM
Also, I promised more coding that I would share, so, here's something: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1ZD8zvXe2Gd11UcmH5tXXUOosQCjMnpQ6/view?usp=sharing

That's just the script part of a project from school.

Aaaand, here's some database work that I did: https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1cTAvdC8npzwzebPVN72L1adKb-tBDtJE?usp=sharing
ourScript.js

drive.google.com

Actually, here's my whole programming folder if you're interested to poke around: https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1DQnsFC4a8Li9R2GR6dGzfjYy-a6TvLwJ?usp=sharing
I think the C# folder has the bulk of the stuff.
Kaktysshmanchik
5:40 PM
Wait, what did you mean about nearly slicing yourself open? You meant accidentally, while using a knife like a numpty, right? The wording made my brain go somewhere darker for a second.

I’ve done the accidental-numpty version a couple of times myself. Once I got curious about what was inside a water filter and tried to break it open. I didn’t have the tools I have now, so I used a knife - aaaand it ended up stuck in my thumb XD Weirdly, I can’t see the scar >_>

Oh, I watched Spaced, by the way. Weeeeell... It was fine... Yeah, sorry) It's not bad)
IT Crowd is great though)) And more or less accurate too)

Yeah, my office is in Moscow. Fuck Moscow)) I absolutely hate it there) I've never been to the office though.
Well,I used to work at an office, when I was an outstaff, but that doesn't count) I've never been to X5 Tech office) yeah, that's more precise.
You're lucky to be specifically a remote worker) Huh... I don't remember what my contract says though. I definitely signed something about remote work >_>
That actually reminds me, there's this idea that every American has a lawyer on speed dial) for absolutely everything - proofreading contracts before signing, dealing with taxes.. I dunno... Basically everything) something tells me, it's not true... >_>

Oh, and I don’t think I’ve ever asked this... how trigger-happy are Americans when it comes to calling the police? Would people happily call to complain about noise, report someone driving like a bellend, get a cat out of a tree - that sort of thing?

Yeah, that's great that you're comfortable enough to tease me and talk trash) That's immensely fun)
And speaking of affecting each other's lives... I just thought that if I gave you my credentials to my smart home account, you'd be able to turn on lights and do all that stuff. I guess it's not even that hard to steal someone's account. Why would someone do that is a mystery though)
Do you have smart home stuff?

"just hitting metal with metal tools"... Yeah... Every hobby can be downgraded to something close to that...
To prepare for the zombie apocalypse you should build a bunker first. With access to water, sewers, ventilation, a couple of generators - the works. And buy a bike - otherwise you won't be able to go scavenging. Yeah, you could go on foot, but that's more dangerous. Plus, depending on what kind of zombies you’re expecting, a melee weapon might be the wrong choice))

I can tell that you played KCD 2 wrong... Did you romance Hans? I doubt it... That's the only thing that helped me through all the struggle XD
Uh-huh... Not to mention that female cosplay is usually greatly sexualised. >_>

Yeah, I totally agree. AI can add cool stuff to games. I've never heard of such a mod for Kenshi (I tried the game though - I didn't understand what I was supposed to do there...). But I've heard of such a mod for Skyrim. I could try it... But then there's gonna be all that fuss with installing 500000 mods and trying to understand why the game crashes((
But like you said, there should be human control, ideas behind the AI stuff too. Can't just ask an AI to build some shit and hope for the best.
Have you ever encountered AI voice over in games or anywhere else? M... I suppose you haven't - everything is in English as is. Well, maybe the stuff where they add an AI voice to start with, but that's not what I'm talking about. Someone made an AI voice over for Baldur's Gate 3 - translated into Russian and all that. Ugh... I hate it so much - all that brilliant job the actors did was ruined. Here https://www.youtube.com/live/4G87BviJLiI?si=Ll602HcYyPRGGmgq&t=10766 I hope it's the right timestamp))

Mm... Yeah, I guess, "you're the non-fuck-up, my son" is exactly the thing every man hopes to hear.

You see, there's a problem. I'm gonna learn a shitload of words from you - and will think they're all just normal words that everyone uses) One day I'm gonna arrive in Liverpool and say during passport control, "I have come for the pleasure of seeing your country, and assure you that my intentions are entirely peaceful. I am staying for ten days only, unless some unforeseen attachment to the scenery, the society, or a gentleman of considerable fortune should make my departure particularly painful."
Although the last part is Austen's but you keep encouraging that sort of language >_>

Makes sense... Governments keep trying to find ways to spy on people - people keep coming up with ways to hide better. It sucks when your government knows about your every breath. But when a crime needs to be solved... Yeah, then I find all those spying tools very useful. The hypocrisy!
Have you ever thought about how much of your freedom you're ready to give up in exchange for safety?

It's okay. Although it's sweet of you to worry.
I'm usually careful - I forgot myself just this once. Besides, I was with a friend - she would've stopped me if I pulled out the phone. Come to think of it, I do or don't do a lot of things on instinct. I can't imagine how tourists or people who decide to move to Russia survive here and don't end up in prison. Well, unless they have a friend here to teach them.
It's okay, I can survive the lack of pictures) It's understandable that you need to get a grip first) The travel, the work, all those new people, a new place... Yeah, sounds like a lot.

Yeah, I think I fucked up my explanation of the book. She did steal the manuscript from her dead Chinese friend, but the readers didn’t know that. At that point they believed she had written it herself, and some were angry simply because a white woman had written about Chinese people.
Yup, you can use someone's culture with respect. But some say that you take someone else's spotlight. This is where I get lost. Yeah, sure, we could create a story, based on some old religion of people of colour - and we'd rob them of doing it themselves. But... Isn't it a good thing that the story exists now? Otherwise, who knows for how long the topic would've been hidden in plain sight.

Hm... And how do you feel about Assassin's Creed games then?
All those viewpoints and collectibles... Ugh... Altair was hot though... And Ezio ^_^

I just see tattoos as part of a person. Like moles or something) I think it's because I got used to mine. Sometimes it can attract my attention - when it flows especially beautifully. But I mostly don't care about design) Well, except for when it's something really offputting)
Although I really love it when men do that very famous "nun with a cock" tattoo - tells me how far away I should stay from him) Very useful. More of those, please.
Just admit it, you simply get horny, thinking about how my tattoos would feel under your fingers :-P

Yeah, a tattoo costs a shitload of money(( Mine cost me something like $2500 >_< I can't even imagine how much that would cost in Ireland.
If you did get a sleeve, what would you want there? Which games?
Damn... You got me thinking about the sleeve on my other arm I've been meaning to get someday >_<

Oh, I'm sure half of English shit goes over my head)) Maybe not literal meaning, but hints, jokes - stuff like that. And other times I suspect double entendre in places, but I'm not sure if that's what you meant to put there))

Mm... Yeah, I think I like cuddling - I have this ridiculous huge pillow for that!)) And dogs - one of the dachshunds is permanently freezing, and she insists on sleeping under my blanket. And in the morning it's the best - to grab the warm, sleepy doggo and hold onto her)
But... M... I don't know... I think I'm sorta used to touch meaning sex most of the time. It sorta gets me all tense. I go to sleep this late for a reason.
That said, I do enjoy a fantasy of you hugging me in bed. From behind, I think. And tugging your hand up to kiss your fingers. Waking up would be nice too - half asleep, not entirely coherent. And there's that moment, when I try to slip away to get up, you'd mumble something half-formed and pull me closer instead. Yeah... That'd be nice...

Cold sheets? Um... Half of the year I sleep under a thick blanket because I'm freezing))) But in summer... Yeah. I hate when it's hot.

Aw!!! You managed to give access to your files))) Looks a bit scary) How much shit do you keep on your google drive?)
Yeah, I'm gonna show you mine)
And I'm gonna check out what you shared, when I'm less fucked in my head)
This is what order looks like

Jul 29
jsammons90
3:30 AM
Oh yeah, I'm not over here trying to cut myself up, I promise you that. If my mind was in that state, I'd definitely share it with you.

Ouch...numpty! I've done silly things like that though - I'm pretty sure I told you the story about when I sliced my finger open after my younger sister and I were sneaking Christmas presents. There was also one time where I had a folding pen knife that I stabbed into the banister of some wooden decking and closed it on my pinky...that one hurt.

Wow...I feel wounded....I dunno if I can continue this conversation because Spaced was a terrific show. Was there something in particular that kinda put you off a bit? IT Crowd is fantastic though, yeah, I love that show. Oh! Did you ever see the 1:1 American version that they tried to make? https://archive.org/details/the-it-crowd-us-pilot It's really fucking bad.

So outstaff the same as being like a contractor for the business? You're not considered a full-time employee? Yeah, I'm happy that they can't force me into the office. My boss doesn't like going to the office either fortunately, so I doubt she'll ever really ask me to go. Wait...has my lawyer NOT been in contact with you yet? What the fuck am I paying this guy for? >.> Nah, people don't have them on speed dial or anything like that - but people are fucking mad to sue each other in the states. Is it not a big thing in Russia then?

Hmmm, I think they probably would be a bit trigger happy on calling the police. People did call them that time that people were down at the houseboat partying about the noise. You can also report people driving dangerously and stuff, but I don't think that one happens too much. I have the feeling that it doesn't happen so much in Russia with the way things are...the way you describe it, I feel like there are hardly any sound people there.

Hahaha, as much fun as it would be to torment you with that, I would never do that to you while there's the possibility that someone else is there. If I knew it was just you, oh, yeah, I would absolutely have to fuck with you, just so you would know that I'm thinking of you :) I don't really have any smart home stuff - I'm not too against it or anything, but I do have my concerns on privacy and how it can all come apart as soon as the internet goes down and stuff. And, I know what you're thinking, me and privacy after the things I've shared with you. I will have you know, though, that I never allow non-essential cookies - I reject all of the optional ones, fuck them, they can't have my data XD

So, uh....wanna be zombie apocalypse buddies? You've obviously put a bit of thought into this XD

Hmmm, you've got me there - I think I romanced the Duke or some dudes daughter who is always rejecting the expectations of women in society. Unfortunately, you only see her a handful of times in the story. I didn't actually even realize that you could romance Hans!
Yeah, unfortunately that's true and it's pretty fucked up the way that women are sexualized for cosplay and stuff, but, at the same time, I would totally be into checking you out in cosplay so I'm going to keep pushing this point >.>

Oh, wow - you're the only other person that I've ever talked to that has actually played Kenshi. Did you play it for much? I actually loved the whole premise of just getting your ass kicked repeatedly and slowly growing stronger until you're eventually unstoppable. I've put a lot of hours into it. There is an AI mod for it, I can't remember exactly what it's called, but it has sands in the name of it. While it does sound interesting to try in Skyrim, I know what you mean with all of the mods - I don't have the patience to sit there and fiddle with a huge mod list. I actually felt like the Russian translation was pretty good for Shadowheart in that video though. Maybe it's because I just didn't know what she was saying so I missed key details, but I actually thought it did a good job. I mean, I know what you mean about all the hard work that the voice actor did, but if you don't speak or understand English and there's no direct translation, I don't know if I would fault someone for trying to enjoy the game that way.

Yup, it brings a tear to my eye. I'm not a fuck-up, hooray!

Okay, I was literally laughing out loud at the office while reading this part - I'm sure some people thought I was crazy. I'm absolutely enthralled with having this influence over you, you're just making me want to double down on it :)

It's definitely a choice between having all of that surveillance and no privacy or not. I think I would opt for less surveillance personally. Especially in the way that it can be weaponized against people. People suddenly afraid to speak their minds and not conform - you live it over there. Fuck that noise, no thank you - I don't want that shit creeping up here.

Is there a huge amount of people that immigrate to Russia though? As much as I would actually like to see Russia for some of the old buildings and also for some very certain person, I don't think I would ever feel safe enough to do so with the way things are at the moment...or have been for that matter...

Ahhhh, that makes a lot more sense. It's fucked up that they were angry that a white women wrote it when it was an accurate account, I don't agree with people being upset about that because there's nothing to say that a person can't be a researcher and put out good works. I think as long as someone is discussing the topic in a respectful manner, what does it matter who they are? They're not stealing it from you, they're sharing it and spreading awareness.

I really enjoyed the first one and the second one as well as Blackflag, which I think was the third one....even though there is a third one based during the American Revolution....I'm not sure. I definitely wouldn't play them now - not a fan of Ubisoft and their scummy microtransaction tactics. I did torrent Assassins Creed Odysey at some point, but didn't get very far in it.

That's a nice way to view tattoos. As for the nun with cock tattoo....is that the one where it's a nun sucking on a cock or it's on her face or something? I feel like I've seen one like that somewhere. I'm not a fan of tattoos like that. And, yeah, of course I get horny thinking about tracing your tattoos with my fingers and just, generally the thought of touching you. It gets me all hot and bothered and it definitely goes through my mind multiple times a day. When ever I do fantasies about you, your tattoos are always present in the picture in my mind :) Uhhh, I think I need to go ahead and place this under the architecture keyword that we were discussing earlier XD

That's one of the things that kinda puts me off of getting a tattoo as well - how expensive it is. I can't even afford to buy a game most of the time, no way could I afford a tattoo! But, I have thought about it a bit in the past, and I would like for it to be really colorful, so I would get some D&D inspired stuff, probably Samus from Metroid, Solid Snake, Link from The Legend of Zelda - just a few things off the top of my head, but I would want it really colorful which I know means big money. What would you get on your other arm? Any specific plans?

Oh! Oh! Oh! Like double entendre? :) I'm hoping that's a new one, but I've got a feeling it isn't.....fuck....I forgot that you actually said double entendre!!! Well, I'm not going to remove my smug comment, I'm going to let you enjoy rubbing this one in my face later :) I do definitely slide some double entendres in there from time to time though - and I make sure to mention all of those times I'm going to go and take a shower and stuff like that, just to put s in your head.

That's really adorable about the morning cuddles and needing to wrap up together for you two. But, that feeling that you get about being touched and what's expected...yeah, I can understand not welcoming being touched because of that. I know I just talked about this in the VM that I sent you, but, you feeling that way currently makes me just want to hold you and appreciate you and show you love. I love closing my eyes and imagining holding you there, close together, just like you said, your back against me with my arms around you and just being content and happy in that moment. Nothing expected but just laying there with one another. I can just imagine your hair against my nose and giving you little kisses on top of your head. It all sounds so lovely. Haha, no escape from the bed for you! :)

I would gladly volunteer my body heat to keeping you warm in the winter. As much as I like that feeling of cold sheets, I think I would like the feeling of your warmth even more. These last two paragraphs just have me day dreaming so much...

Haha, yeah, my Drive is an absolute mess. I have very little organization in there altogether. Yours is all neatly packed up and everything there - just like the picture of your notes that you shared on Discord. You're a very organized individual :)
The IT Crowd US Pilot : Free Download, Borrow, and Streaming : Internet Archive

archive.org •Pilot Episode for The IT Crowd US

Kaktysshmanchik
10:49 PM
Yeah, I just panicked a notch - and my brain went blank. I do remember the story about opening presents.
The second one, though... Not sure... I have a really awful memory((

So... I humbly beg for your forgiveness, my good sir.
Spaced was okay)) Too silly at times, though) But I did appreciate Simon there. And I was surprised that Nick had such a small role. At least smaller than I expected he'd have.
The US IT Crowd made me very uncomfortable >_> You know, like when someone tells you a joke, everyone laughs - and you just stand there, not sure if it's you who's dumb or the joke was shit) Same story here)
Hm... People in American movies and shows are too polished, too beautiful. >_> I appreciate British stuff that way.

Um... Yeah, a contractor, I guess. And I'm not one now) Basically, I used to work for one company, and they sorta lent me to other companies - X5 Tech included. What's that called? We call it outstaff - I thought it was borrowed from English and didn't check >_< Do they do that sort of arrangement in the US or Ireland?
And these days I work straight for X5 - no middleman)

Russians don't usually get involved with lawyers) We usually yell at each other for a long time in the hope that the issue resolves itself. Often it does.
These days, many do have one on speed dial, though - you never know) I do have a list of numbers to call. Just in case)

Oh, no, sometimes people can be fucking loud)) Have I told you about that time I got in a fight when a guy was playing music at night?)
Anyhow. And before I moved here, I lived rather close to a uni campus. M... I think that's the name. And every fucking night they used to get hammered and start singing and yelling. People, including me, tried calling the police - no one ever came. But usually people try to solve matters on their own - it's just not a good idea with students)
These days... I dunno. I know of a handful of times when people lied about someone who had wronged them in some way, saying they were helping Ukraine in some way. Yeah... That's vile. Although I can imagine a situation when it's the only way >_<

Have you ever dealt with the police? Except for that time with a gun in the car)

I know that you're thinking of me pretty much all the time, so... :-P
Omg... Yeah, mate... You've lost your right to pretend to know your way around privacy))
But I usually allow all cookies if it's too much work to reject the optional ones... I live right on the edge.
I like smart home stuff, though. If I ever buy a house, I'm gonna plan it with the smart shit in mind. Temperature control, lights, curtains... Ah... That'd be a fun project))

M... Yeah, I guess I could use a handsome guy to distract rival scavengers while I sneak up on them and cut their throats... >_> And you could lift heavy stuff. Do other things too.

Ah, I remember her)) Vaguely... Like most of the game(( But yeah, romance sucked in KCD.
Did you get the hang of the combat mechanics quickly, though? I don't think I got it... Not all of it. I sorta winged it)
Ugh, and I hated how ugly all the armor was... Yeah, yeah, historically accurate. And ugly like my life.
This might actually be entertaining... In the Russian version, Henry's name sounds something like Jindrich. And, surprisingly, that's the right version if you translate it from Czech. That's weird, because we usually fuck names up)

I'm sorry, but cosplay's not happening))

Of course he liked it when he got his ass kicked a bunch of times.... Fuck's sake, what else should I have expected...
I played for half an hour maximum)) I'm not into hardcore BDSM, thank you very much)
But if you feel like it someday, you could teach me that one too. Um... I mean, Kenshi.

I think all the characters speak way faster in BG3 with the AI mod. That makes sense - Russian words are longer, so they had to adjust the timing.
Anyhow, I'm just a horrible snob who believes Russian translations are cringy) Same for books, by the way. As soon as I started reading in English, I became all "oh, you have to read in the original language only - that way you won't miss any part of the authorial idea." Although I don't usually mention how much smut I've read specifically in English.
I liked that you disagreed with me, by the way.

Yeah, you would...
And yes, my goal here is to make sure people in the office think you've lost it. I take pleasure in such control.
Actually, how often do I sound like an old lady who learned some foul language?) Because I've been taught pretty old-fashioned English) And I've read a lot of classics. And smut. Classics and smut.

Clever boy))
Same for comfort, unfortunately(( We have this cool government app you can use for most stuff that involves the government. Everyone loved it - including me. And then we found out that the government can send conscription papers through that too.

I don't know if we have a huge number of immigrants... We definitely have some. Fewer than before, obviously.
Yeah, I've mentioned a friend who'd help you with stuff around here - a smart one would start with "stay the fuck away." XD That very certain person definitely would)
I remember 2018, though - many people came to Russia for FIFA. That was rather nice) Felt like we were almost civil)
Hm... Have you been to anything huge like FIFA? Not necessarily a sports event, though. And not necessarily FIFA-huge XD

They kinda are stealing. There's this idea that people of color don't have the same resources that white people have - hence it's harder for them to make something as visible. Worse education (if we take predominantly white countries where PoC are often poorer) - fewer opportunities; add racism on top of that - some publishers or whatever would be harsher with their work; lack of money - harder to concentrate on something that won't bring immediate profit. I'm sure there's more.
And when a white person makes something about someone else's culture, they steal the limited space, funding, and attention from someone with the "wrong" skin color. It gets harder to make something as big with fewer resources.
Do I make any sense at all? xD
On the other hand, most won't know who created the thing - they're gonna see only the product that could shine some light on the culture it was stolen from... Yeah, like you said. Awareness and all that. Gods, you're smart :*

Yeah, usually it's a nun sucking on a cock - lots of such tattoos. Honestly, if I were a tattoo artist, I'd do those for free) People should know who they're dealing with)
Architecture is great)) Speaking of, I also wanted to continue the sleeve with Legion and the rest of them on my chest, but I don't know what I'd want there( Ooh, and neck tattoos... Mm... Those are gorgeous. Not on the throat, though, but on the side of the neck. Something like vines, maybe, that would crawl upwards and end somewhere behind the ear. That'd hurt like a bitch, though.

Ouch, yeah... I googled prices - google says they charge ~150 euros per hour. Fuck me... That's a lot.
Hm. I didn't know who Samus was( Now I do, though) You're into Metroid and Metal Gear that much? I did expect Link)
No, I don't have any plans for the second sleeve yet((( I only thought I'd want something connected to Valkyries, but that's it.

I could rub it in... But I won't. I'm gonna save it to use when you least expect it...
Yeah, my s are rather vague since I don't have the full picture)) I'm not trying to hint at anything here, though - before you feel pressured)

You're awfully sweet, and you're gonna give me diabetes))
I dunno... But what you describe could be a rather good... mm... starting point)) And if hands eventually started wandering lazily... Well, like I said many times, I feel safe with you, so... yeah, that'd be especially sweet. Architecture is really great, though.

Yeah, well, you got me daydreaming before work and throughout the day. You're not alone in this)
I keep thinking about your neck, though. There's something... Oh, fuck this. >_< Moving on.

Yeah, great topic. Is the file system on your PC as messy as your drive?) And your desktop?
I just can't. I delete everything, put the rest in order)
Jul 30
jsammons90
5:35 AM
Oh yeah, really don't think I shared the second one with you before. I still have the scar on my pinky though, just checked XD

Haha, I know what you mean - it was a pretty silly one. I really liked seeing Simon and Nick interacting together before the cornetto trilogy. There was just something about it, like they were figuring themselves out or something. Also, did you notice that the woman who's the roommate was also in Shaun of the Dead? Briefly, but there is a scene where they run into each other. Oh good, the US IT crowd gave you the exact ick feeling that I was hoping it would, because it gave me that ick too. I don't particularly like the guy that they chose to act as Roy in it, either.

That's an interesting observation about people in American movies and shows - I think it definitely depends on the show though. Some of the shit that they used to run on TLC, which at one time, stood for The Learning Channel....allow me to introduce you to honey boo-boo....https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DwbXFr-xD5g
Watching that now, it actually just makes me sad for the poor kid. She's just being used by her parents for money.

Huh, that's actually a scenario that's more like a third-party vendor like the people I'm here to work with. A contractor wouldn't be associated with a business, they'd just work for themselves...maybe outstaff, but I don't think I've ever heard that before....okay, yup, Googled it and it's outstaff - I learned something new XD The US and Ireland don't really do that, they get outstaff from India, Brazil, and the Philippines. I think outstaffers are really being taken advantage of, because they're not being paid nearly as much as they should be for the work they're doing, but are expected to perform at the same levels as people in the companies that are full-time employees. I imagine that you make more money now working as a full-time employee?

Oooo, an ominous list of numbers - so, who do you have on speed dial? :)

Oh yeah, I definitely remember that story where you had to save your ex because the dude attacked him when you guys went down to complain. People lying about others helping Ukraine or about other things, that's really fucked up, I hate that shit. When you say that you can imagine a situation when it's the only way, I think you're referring to domestic violence? Like someone was being battered by their partner and called the police saying that that partner was assisting Ukraine - is that what you mean?

Hmmm, not really besides the odd speeding ticket. Oh, I don't think I ever told you this though - both of Joanna's brothers are police. Well, one still is, the other retired last year. Also, my half-brother in Florida, Chris, is also a cop. Lots of cops in my family lol. Have you had any run-ins besides the one party story that you told me where the boys got scolded but the girls weren't bothered?

Haha, I think it's pretty well established at this point that we're BOTH always thinking about the other :)
Yeahhh, I figured that would be your stance on my involvement with privacy related topics. That said, I always take the time to reject all of the cookies, even if it means I have to go and flip a bunch of switches. At that point, it's basically a big middle finger to the site owner. All of that stuff sounds really cool....until it suddenly stops working :)

So....I'd be your donkey in an apocalypse situation....that's what I'm getting from that....your trust donkey.....I'm gonna remember that one....I guess at least I'd be a handsome donkey.... >.> Also, the thought of you sneaking up on people and slitting their throats makes me ensure that I never get on your bad side XD

It took awhile to get the combat mechanics, but it basically turns into spamming master strike over and over again. The combat isn't terrible, but it gets a bit repetitive. I think the world is the most interesting part. I also feel you on the armor - nothing extravagant but accurate, which I can appreciate. That comment about your life being ugly makes me wish I could give you a hug... :(
That's really interesting about his name though. I feel like the Czech republic isn't too far from Russia....basing this on my complete lack of geographical knowledge about the subject altogether....

Welp, I tried - I knew it was a long-shot, but I had to try. Gonna pack it in on that one then....at least I can still fantasize about it :)

Hahaha - it's so rewarding when you start to win fights after that, though! Hmmm, not into hardcore BDSM...right....this coming from the woman who, let me check my notes here....was hiding a whip behind her back the last time BDSM came up. Alright then, keep your secrets. :)
"But if you feel like it someday, you could teach me that one too. Um... I mean, Kenshi." Mmmmhmmmmm

Ahhh, I understand what you mean. Still, it's pretty amazing what it does - I actually think it sounded a lot like Shadowhearts voice actor too. I can understand the stance on reading a book in the original language though, since meaning can definitely be lost in translation. I'm glad that you like that I disagreed with you, I promise I'll always be honest with my opinion on things and not just say things because I think it's what you want to hear - I know you too well now and know that you wouldn't like that, plus, I wouldn't be very honest if I did that.

Hmmm, so I noticed that you actually mentioned the smut that you read a few times in the message. I enjoy the mental  I get of you getting all excited reading smut, but it got me thinking, since we're breaking down all of these embarrassing question walls....do you watch porn, or is reading smut your porn for getting off? I know I'm a very visual person and most of time I need a visual aid to help me get there, not counting the other day when we had a lovely discussion on architecture together :*

I don't mind you taking some control over me, sounds like fun. Haha, I have never once read any of your messages and thought to myself, "oh yeah, you dirty 'ole granny" XD

Oh, how very thoughtful of the government to send conscription papers through that app....they shouldn't have....really -_- Wankers.

I actually forgot that FIFA was there in 2018. I've been to some sports games in the past, but I don't think the stadium's were nearly as big as FIFA's ones. Other than that...maybe a concert, like when I went to see Nine Inch Nails with Kyle last year, but again, small compared to FIFA I think. I don't think I've ever been to anything that big - I try to stay away from the large crowds like that :) Did you go to any of the events when that was on in 2018?

It's a very interesting paradox, isn't it? Either you let the people/country/whatever with the resources share your culture or whatever it is with the world and spread awareness, but steal the power of sharing it from the people that really own it, or never have it get shared or to a much smaller audience....I feel like it's one of those questions with no right answer, but also no wrong answer. Also, all the praise that you give me, clever boy, 'Gods, you're smart :*', it's definitely not going straight to my head, not at all.....you're not allowed to stop though...

Ah, yes, that 'art'. Talk about tacky, trashy shite. Also, I'm in complete agreement on the neck tattoo statement that you made - don't like it on the front of the neck, but I think if you have it going up the sides or something, that's nice. There's a lot of lovely ry that I got from this part of the message with you talking about your chest, tattoos running up your neck....yeah, lovely thoughts...about architecture...how much of your chest would you like to cover in tattoos? What about on your back?

Yikes, it would cost an absolute fortune to get them done in Ireland. One of my favorite retro SNES games was Super Metroid, I love all of the color on her suit. As for MGS, oh yeah, I'm a big fan of the MGS games. I really like the  of Snake from MGS2 from the cover art - it's the picture that I just added. Oooo, Valkyries, that's badass :)

Well, I think we touched on this next topic earlier, about what you're able to imagine...although I'm sure the picture is a little clearer with a little more detail now :* You know my stance on the subject now. I also know what you mean, though. I have an interpretation, based on photos that you've shared on what I think, and it's lovely :*

Just the thought of actually holding you in my arms makes me want to take care of you and hold on tightly....and hands ARE known to wander and explore and find their way into all sorts of places....also, I've really noticed that you like the thought of my neck, I bet you would like what I would do to your neck as well....architecture really is the best :D

Haha, quite the pivot to this topic! I'm a lot more organized on my actual desktop, I don't like mess - I just usually don't go rooting around in Google drive, so it's all over the place. I promise to you that I'm not a slob or anything like that in real life XD

Kaktysshmanchik
9:55 PM
Oof... Sharing s of those sexy scars of yours already?)) You're a dangerous man, Jonathan...

Huh, no, I never noticed the roommate was in Shaun of the Dead. I only remembered the guy who "stole" his girlfriend from somewhere. Not sure where exactly, though.
I never thought about Spaced as "before the Cornetto trilogy," though. It's an interesting thought. I simply forgot that Spaced came before that)
Yeah, the US IT Crowd guy is... something. I don't like the actor for some unknown reason. But I did like him in Community - he's a perfect arsehole)

I've seen quite a few British shows lately - and I appreciate that the actors often look like shit there)) Very lifelike, different faces, different ages - finally, people who look like me or those I can see on the streets. I wonder why that is - whether it's a conscious decision or something that just happens naturally.
Honey boo boo is... a delightful show, apparently... I don't like stuff like that. I always worry about those kids. Even actors. For example, in The Lord of the Flies, there's this boy everyone calls Piggy and picks on. He's supposed to look like this weak, overweight, clumsy kid. And I don't know how you explain to a kid that it's not about him, it's about the character. And Piggy himself is actually a great character - he symbolises reason, intelligence, order. Uh-huh... Try explaining that to the kid who's been called fat in front of cameras. I hope they do something to help kids deal with that...
You might like a book by Delphine de Vigan - The Children Are Kings, or Kids Run the Show, depending on the publisher. It's about child influencers. That's basically exploitation of children. Not the same as working at a factory, but that doesn't mean it's okay.
Have you read or watched anything about children working as actors/bloggers/athletes/etc?

Huh... And in Russia, there are a lot of companies that can lend you outstaffers. Weird. Most are from Russia - I've never heard of anyone hiring someone from abroad, like you said, from India and all that. I don't really know what the point is, though.
Yeah, when I took a position directly at X5, my salary almost doubled, I think. Or close enough. But that doesn't mean my work became twice as expensive for X5)) It was actually funny: I was talking to my boss at X5, and she asked me how much I wanted - I told her the number. She chuckled - and the contract I received later had a very different number in it)
So you've never worked with outstaffers?

Lawyers, babe) I have a fuck ton of lawyers in my phone - most of them work with people accused for political reasons) Like I said, you never know)

Yeah, sometimes you just can't do shit about a person. And yeah, exactly that. Your example works. We don't have laws against domestic violence, so sometimes there's no other way. I'm not a fan of such solutions - I don't know what would have to happen for me to do that. But I can understand someone who doesn't see or have any other options.

Yeah, it looks like you're surrounded by cops) No, I don't remember any other incidents) I don't drive, and I'm pretty careful not to attract unwanted attention in general)

Yeah... And today you offered your bank card too... So forgive me if I have my doubts about your ability to be careful with sensitive information))
Hey, when there's no internet, it doesn't turn your smart whatever into a useless brick) There's still that old-school thing where you use a switch to turn on the lights) So primitive, though...
But can you imagine how cool it would be to wake up in the morning because your curtains open and let the sunshine in? Your coffee is already waiting for you, and the temperature is set just so?

Mm... You could look at it like that. But you could also think of it as a partnership where each one's advantages are known and used accordingly)
That's all because of video games - they make people violent, ya know? Otherwise, I'd have offered to merely poison them.

Yeah, and I became an expert at doing a runner)
Given the opportunity, we would've shared a lot of hugs already) Though the bit about my life being ugly was mostly just a figure of speech)
Did you know that Americans are famous here for being bad at geography?) And at everything else too. And English comes from Russian. Oh, I'm gonna have to tell you this. It won't be funny at all because half of it is gonna be lost in translation, but I'm gonna do it anyway.
Some people sincerely believe all that shit. And somehow, they talk as if Americans came up with English. So they say you guys don't know shit about your own language - you don't know where it comes from or why certain things have certain names.
Take strawberry. There's no straw. But if you treat it as a Russian phrase... Then you get s-traw-berry, which sounds like "pick it from the grass." See? Do you see it??
Year? It obviously came from Yarilo. And he's associated with the sun -> summer -> Slavic people count years by summers.
Illinois? Oh, baby... Il-li-nois. Il means silt in Russian. Nois is obviously the Russian nosi - carry.
Got it now? That's the real etymology for you))

But yeah, the Czech Republic is rather close.

And before we start discussing baroque, art nouveau, and all that...
Could you tell me more about your dad? Do you remember much from before the divorce? And in general, what did you like doing together? I remember camping - what was it like?
Also, you talk a lot about your stepfathers. Was there ever a stepmother?

Hahah)) How the fuck did we turn the paragraph about Kenshi into filth?)))
But while we're at it, how do you feel about BDSM? I think a bit of pretend restraint is the most hardcore BDSM I can handle)) I'm really edgy like that.
You could teach me Kenshi, though) Seriously)

Yeah, they could've stolen the actress's voice to train the model. Which raises new concerns. And Russian actors lost their opportunity to work on the game too( Although I usually don't like their work anyway.

Babe... Of course I watch porn. I have a pulse.
That said, lately I usually read porn. Hm... I suppose that's because it's easier to imagine people looking more or less the way I want them to. Guys in porn usually don't look very exciting, or the camera barely shows anything beyond their dicks. Well, except gay porn) That's the stuff.
Oh, and there's also audio porn - great thing. Have you ever heard any? Pun absolutely intended.

I saw the part about taking control over you - and my mind immediately started wandering) Yeah...
But you know, I think the point for me would be to praise you. It's usually hard for me to squeeze out all the niceties I'd like to say to you, but when I imagine certain architectural designs, lots of things seem to come more easily. Whether it'd survive reality is another unanswered question.

No, I didn't even notice FIFA back then)) I was never much into watching sports. But I do remember incels discussing women who slept, or supposedly slept, with foreigners)
Did you like the concert? I remember you mentioning it.

Oh, preening, are you?) How wonderful)
Yeah, no right answers( At least none that I understand. Maybe someday I'll come across something that'll explain it to me better)

Oh, no, no back tattoos) I like seeing them. I don't understand why people ink their backs - you can't see them there!
Stop that imagination of yours) Upper chest, under the collarbone) Not that exciting)

Ah, yeah, I see the cover art. Looks cool) Hm... The style is interesting too >_> Like brushes and pencils.

Um... I can't reply with anything coherent to the next part - especially the bit about my neck. I could try, but I'm not sure moans translate into text well enough.
Yeah, I'd love all of that. Wandering hands, hands staying put, you doing things to me, me doing things to you. And not doing things, just, you know, existing. Watching some weird shit. Or playing something. Maybe you'd teach me to cook. Although we'd have a lot of discussions around meat, I guess)
Jul 31
jsammons90
4:16 PM
Oh yeah! The guy that stole his girlfriend was also in Shaun of the Dead! It was the other roommate in the house if I remember correctly! Yeah, I think it's an interesting view into their humour before all of the popularity, and how they took that and adapted it for their other movies. I think the most jarring thing about the US IT Crowd was how they brought Moss back with the same actor. I can only imagine how odd it was for him to be back shooting those exact same scenes again with Mick? Mike? McHayle?....whatever the other actors name is, can't remember right now. He was fine in Community, played that character well, but I also couldn't enjoy him in that pilot for the US IT Crowd. Actually, since you've seen so much US tv and stuff - do many people in Russia watch US shows? I imagine many don't...

I know what you mean. Just thinking of Community as an example, or Friends, all of the actors/actresses in it are conventionally attractive people. There's no roughness there or anything. Maybe it's different nowdays though? I'm not sure. Shows in the UK or Ireland definitely have more of that realism, believability to them I think, but like I said, I wonder if that's just a product of our time now and that's what people want and it's the same in the US? Yeah, I feel really bad for kids that are taken advantage of by their parents like that for money. It's viewed in this lens of delight and joy, but I feel like behind the scenes there's a lot more going on typically. Reminds me of this one boy on YouTube that does toy reviews - Ryans Toy reviews. I remember Maebh and Tadhg watching one or two of those before I said no more. For one, I feel like the poor kid is probably being taken advantage of by his parents and forced to always give this false  that everything is perfect and he's so happy - you never see the kids upset or anything like that. The other thing is that he's constantly opening new toys and stuff that they receive as marketing material by companies, which sends this message to my kids that they should be getting showered with toys constantly.

Oof, yeah - in regards to Piggy and the actor that had to play him, I wonder how that felt. There's plenty of stories of kid actors have horrible mental health, like the kid that played as Anakin Skywalker in Star Wars - he was bullied so much that he stopped acting...people are assholes...That book sounds very interesting, I need to make a note of that. It sounds like something that I would really enjoy reading. I haven't read or watched anything specifically, besides doing my own digging a bit here or there and news articles and stuff about some that faced mental health issues.

Right, I have to pack up and get ready now :*
jsammons90
6:52 PM
That's wild, I never knew of Russia having outstaffers and providing that - the big ones that I've always heard are India, Brazil, and the Philippines, with India being the biggest. Apparently, India is half the cost of the Philippines from what one of the guys was telling me yesterday. When your boss came back with your contract, I imagine it was significantly more than what you had asked for? I've never worked too closely with them. Since taking this position, it's the most I've worked with them with giving answers to questions and making documentation for them.

At first I thought you were joking about having a bunch of lawyers saved on your phone, but now I'm not so sure....

There's no laws against domestic violence? Wtf? That's insane....I don't blame people for using that if they have to, but I know it can be abused the other way too...

Not prone to attract unwanted attention, yet here you are as a foreign agent - obviously the government is monitoring you closely now >.>

Yeah, yeah - I know what you mean about how nice that would be. But, to give a counter argument, my electric car charger at home is setup via internet and managed via an app and it's an absolute pain in the hole because the device is, literally, centimetres outside of Wi-Fi range, so I had to setup a range extender that fucks with the network (probably a config issue on my side to be fair), when all I want is to just plug my car in and charge it. I ended up getting a good solution after wanting to pull my hair out though - I set the charger to always be on by setting the charge cycle to all day, so anytime I plug it in, it will charge, but it was a pain to get to that point. Also, if you lose your phone, getting all of those accounts and stuff readded is time consuming >.>

It's funny, my mind went straight to your Russian poison when you talked about slitting their throats....they're just lucky there weren't any windows around...And yeah, look at us, so violent - I'm the epitome of a violent psycho.

Will add more in a bit :)
jsammons90
11:23 PM
Well, I would have to agree that most Americans are terrible at geography - at least all of the ones that I've met. I wasn't nearly as knowledgeable as I am now before moving to Europe too. I think a lot of it was thinking that I would never go to Europe, so it didn't seem very important to me. The bit about English coming from Russia though.....I mean, do they not realize that it comes from the English....from England? XD That's hilarious about the words and the meanings in Russian though - I really enjoyed that XD

"And before we start discussing baroque, art nouveau, and all that..." XD
So, I don't remember much of him before they split up. There are bits, glimpses...I remember him getting ready for work and packing his lunch. He worked swing shift, so sometimes he had to sleep during the day and we had to be quiet in the house. I remember that, to me, he was Hercules - he was the strongest person in the world in my head. I had this rubber ball that he would kick up into the sky and it felt like he was kicking it into space. The only interactions that I remember between him and my mom are fighting though - fighting about money and bills. I think it's part of the reason that I don't like talking about bills and money these days.

After my parents got divorced, I remember he would pick us up at the weekend and we would immediately go to Blockbuster and he would let me rent video games. We'd go back to his place and he would just sit and watch us play games all weekend pretty much. Sometimes he'd play with me too - I always loved when he did that. I remember him napping in his lazy boy recliner a lot too - he loved that chair - it was so comfy though.

My dad was remarried twice - once to a woman named Laura and then to Lisa. Laura was really nice, I liked her a lot. If she ran into us now, she'd still be friendly and ask how we are. Lisa was the one he was married to when he died - I don't like Lisa and she never really checked on us after. She also forged his signature on documents to take the cars that he had for herself - I think I might have told you that bit before though.

My mom only remarried once, to John. She had lots of boyfriends though before that. John is alright, he's just a dude that's stuck in his ways and won't change for anyone. My mom does a lot of stuff for him, he can be a bit lazy in my opinion.

We're just good like that, baby! XD So, for BDSM, I'm not huge into that or anything like that. If you wanted to take some control and tell me things to do, I'd be completely find with that. A little bit of restraint could be fun, handcuffs - something like that :) But, I'm not into crazy BDSM like whips or anything like that - never tried it though. That said, I would definitely be happy to teach you Kenshi :)

Haha, well I wasn't sure if you just preferred to read your porn or if you liked to watch as well. Interesting about gay porn - you don't really hear women talk about that and I think most guys probably watch female gay porn, so really shouldn't be surprised. I've never just listened to any, but I do know about the ASMR stuff that women in low cut shirts do on Twitch. I have listened to some of that before and it can be surprisingly arousing...

The Nine Inch Nails concert was fucking amazing - only concert I've been to like that, but I haven't been to many. It was the only indoor concert that I've been to, and the light show and smoke and everything was great, along with the feeling of the music pounding through me. Plus, we got some weed brownies for the show which was a lot of fun! We smoked a lot that week.
Right, still a bit more to get through, but I'm getting there! Will continue again in a bit :)
Aug 1
jsammons90
12:10 AM
Ooo, preening - that's a new one for me :) And yes, I definitely was XD

But I could see it on your back >.> That's fair though, I can understand you not getting to see it and enjoy it. I could describe it to you though? Yeah....imagination is still in overdrive, no changing that :)

Yup! I always loved the art style that they used for that. Plus Snake is just a badass.

Yeah, this last part is...mmhmmm...better for a voice message later :)
Kaktysshmanchik
3:00 AM
Ah, I knew I've seen him before. I did think Moss looks familiar,but I was sure I just got it all wrong) at least he didn't have to learn the script)) but yeah, it's a weird choice.
Oh, you know Community! Who's your favorite?)
Why? People love American shows and movies) they're immensely popular. I'm not sure what they watch these days, but I'm pretty sure most know Friends, The Simpsons, South Park, The Big Bang Theory. M... I'm sure there's more) at least it's accurate for our generation and younger people too. 50+... Yeah, I doubt many of them watch stuff like that.
Do you know any Russian movie?)

I'm not sure if it's different today. I usually don't watch anything not fully released) I can't wait for each next episode.
Judging by movies and ads though... I don't think anything changed that much. Still same polished people. Mm... I've seen The Morning Show with Jennifer Aniston. She's gorgeous, yeah? But at some point I noticed that they're blurring her face! >_< it's not always visible - mostly they do that for close ups. But sometimes, when she turns sharply or changes her expression quickly, you can notice that the blurring gets a notch behind the movement... Ugh.

Yeah, that's exactly what the book is about. The kids are basically working for their parents. And all those toys might seem fun and all, but I think back in the day I would've been sick of them if that's what I'm supposed to be delighted about several times a week. Besides, they take several takes, parents get frustrated and angry if the child doesn't deliver the needed emotion on command.
And then there's this perverted relationship if the channel is popular enough - a child provides for their parents. And they're not daft - they know that. But at the same time they still depend on their parents. I think it just can't help but mess with their heads.
Although I don't know about the effects on the kids who watch such stuff. Did you notice anything or were you fast enough to prevent any harm?

Oh, I didn't know about Anakin being bullied. That sucks. By people on the internet?
There's a lot of movies with kids. One way or another. But I don't think just forbidding children from acting is a good idea. Maybe some regulations could help... Hm... Not sure though. Yeah... I've seen some comments about the kids in the new Harry Potter... I don't think that can be controlled in any way. Besides, any laws about it might end badly.

Yeah, before the war there were a lot of companies you could hire outstaffers from. We're rather cheap, but our IT specialists were great.
They doubled what I asked for. I dunno... I never know how much to ask.

XD no, I'm not joking))

Ooh, you're gonna love this one. There was another discussion about a law against domestic violence. One of officials said that such a law would discourage men from getting married) she thinks men would be scared of being accused for no reason.
But you're right, some slander because they want something. Some - because they got offended or something. And some are just weirdos.
Something fascinating happened with one of the weirdos, actually. There was a woman, who's been reporting a lot of people. Anthropologists collected her texts, examined them, figured out real life details and speech patterns. Aaaand say hello to Ivan Abaturov from Yekaterinburg)) oh, I was so giddy, when he was deanonymized)

Hah)) I totally forgot an electric car has to be charged. That's so fucking weird)
Like, you park, get out of the car and plug it in?)
Mm... And here I'm thinking about buying a range extender. >_> I don't like how it worked out for you...
Hm... Doesn't it... Er... Sorta leak electricity the whole day if you set the charge cycle to all day? Like any charger.

That is true. You know how they say that it's always the quiet ones...

I think most are terrible at geography. Yeah, I've been studying it at school, but I remember absolutely nothing)
Hm... It'd be curious to compare our school programs someday) not that I think I could remember enough though. Do you know whether the programme varies from school to school, state to state? Here it's the same everywhere except for private schools. But the exams are the same all over the country.
Nah, I just showed you - English comes from Russian. Most languages do. That's just a fact)
I'm especially proud of the one about Illinois - I came up with it myself))
do you know any lingo freaks who preach that every other language comes from English?

Aw, the bit about seeing your dad as Hercules is so beautiful. Especially the rubber ball bit - such a lovely memory. Thank you for sharing.
I wonder whether Maebh and Tadhg look at you that way too - like you’re the strongest person in the world.

Yeah, that makes sense. If most of the conversations about money you heard as a child turned into fights, I can see why discussing bills still feels unpleasant now. Mine argued about money too, and about my dad’s drinking.
I guess money is the apple of discord for many, unfortunately. That's not a statistical claim, obviously) just feels that way. And I've read somewhere that these days money's less important for couples somehow. In an average. It's more about happiness, self-fulfilment, shared interests and life values. I don't know how true that is. I guess, economic situation is better these days. At least in Russia - even now. So it might be less important indeed.

Was your dad actually good at video games, or was it mostly you playing while he watched and joined in sometimes?)
My dad basically taught me video games. That and starting a gas stove)) that's not much, but many don't do even that,so)
Hm... I thought Blockbuster was all about movies. At least that's how they usually show it in tv shows I've seen. I didn't know they rented video games too.

I don't remember you mentioning forgery... But now I remember that, yeah, you did mention a woman who got that pretty red car.
Laura sounds lovely though)

The change of the topic is so abrupt... Feels like being tossed into water XD

Yeah, pain in sex is... Hm... Yeah, not something I'd be into at all. I don't really understand how people are into that. I don't think it's for me at all. I've never tried it, but I think I'd start crying immediately XD

Well, maybe women don't talk about gay porn to you)) every woman I’ve discussed it with said she was into pretty gay men) or maybe it's Russia thing. Not sure.
It's ironic, but pornhub's statistics says that trans is the most popular category in Russia)) just a thing I remembered)
So... I don't think I can call the thing I'm talking about ASMR. It's more like ordinary porn,but with no video. M... And more talking. Usually one-sided. I don't know how popular it is among men, but there's a lot of those for gay guys and women. So it's basically a person talking, moaning, panting - the works.

The Nine Inch Nails bit sounds so laddish)) and it's a new side of you for me in a way. Up till now I've imagined you as this gentle and sincere one. And you're secretly a bad boy...
I don't get the appeal of concerts though. I've been to a few small ones - they were just shite. And I went to a bigger one - a very popular Russian band came to Voronezh once. I've been listening and couldn't stop thinking that they're playing it all wrong. >_< not like in the recordings.

Oh, I'm so fucking proud you didn't know "preening")))

I wouldn't trust you with describing my back tattoo. Something tells me, you'd put your mouth to it in a second - and eventually after several tries you'd just give up to describe it. I'd be very satisfied, but still oblivious.
jsammons90
9:05 AM
I think if they had changed Moss's actor, then it wouldn't have been as jarring. Hmmm, haven't watched community in a very long time, but I think it would probably be Abed - I remember really enjoying him on the show :) What about yours?
Sorry, you mentioned The Big Bang Theory - I hate that show with a passion. The rest are good, but can't stand TBBT. This conversation just reminded me of Andy Griffith, an old black and white show that was on TV when I was a kid - let me see if I can find a clip for you....https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-A5MQGBgPdY
I can't think of any Russian movies that I know - at least none that I know are Russian. Are there any famous ones that you can think of that I may have heard of?

I feel so out of the loop with new shows, but, I guess that don't really release like they used to either. Not like Friends or The Simpsons or South Park did where it was on TV first - everything releases on streaming first now. Is The Morning Show a talk show or something that she's doing now? I'm not familiar with it. Jennifer Aniston is a very attractive person, but, not my type. That's pretty interesting about them blurring her face though...but....that's fucked up. It sounds like they're trying to hide her aging, like it's some crime against humanity for a woman to get old.

You'd become totally desensitized to all of the new toys like that - it would start to just not matter to you and the excitement wouldn't be there anymore. The expectations are totally unrealistic and robs the kids of their childhood....so fucked. I didn't even think about the perversion of the relationship between the child and parents either, where they are making all the money off of their child and how that really changes the dynamic. Also, they're not going to be kids forever, so, what about when they grow out of that phase? What will the parents do then - force them into something else? There's no way that doesn't fuck a kid up. I noticed that the kids get super sucked in and it's hard to turn it off. I think there's so much going on with bright colors and things changing so often that it's making all of the dopamine receptors in their brains ping constantly. They would get really upset when we would turn it off, so we quickly decided no more of that.

Yeah, he was bullied online as well as by kids in his school:

"Jake Lloyd, who played young Anakin Skywalker in Star Wars: Episode I – The Phantom Menace, faced severe bullying and media backlash, quit acting, and later was diagnosed with paranoid schizophrenia." - It really fucked him up, poor guy. I also remember seeing a clip of Bill Skarsgard when he was playing IT with the kids and there's a clip of him doing a scene where he's being creepy as fuck as IT, but as soon as the scene ends he's back to his normal self and kneeling down to check on the kid to make sure that they're okay and laughing with them - gave me a lot of respect for him when I saw it: https://www.instagram.com/reel/DSfkk_UgfBp/?hl=en

Oh, this also just came to me - a fucking disgusting practice that I'm glad doesn't happen, or at least isn't published like it used to be - countdowns to girls turning 18. I remember there was a lot of that for the Olsen Twins when I was younger as well as other young actresses. What a fucked up society that we live in >.>

Wow, that's really fucked up, I can't believe that, of all people, a female official said that shit....just, wow....Haha, serves that dude right. I looked him up, he looks like a total tool. Well done to the anthropologists that figured it out.

Yup, that's right. And it only has a certain range, so depending on how far you're driving, you'll have to find somewhere to charge. It can be a huge pain in the ass though - Ireland doesn't have the infrastructure for everyone to have electric cars, I can barely make it up north to Donegal. I have to stop at a specific place along the way to charge and hope that a charger is free. Otherwise I'll be waiting for one to free up so I can spend 45 minutes or so to charge >.>

Ugh, yeah, that Wi-Fi adapter was a nightmare for me for hours. I tried changing all sorts of network settings and tweaking things so that the car charger would actually see and recognize the extender so I could configure it. I eventually got it to see it and got it configured, but then it fucked with the rest of my network where it was trying to use the extender as the main access point causing a lot of other shit to break....I'm not a network guy...I know enough to get myself into trouble, and that's about it. I think that there's probably a bit of electricity being used when it's in a passive state and not actively charging, but it's not as intense as when it's charging the battery when it's not full. Honestly, it's an easy price to pay to not have to deal with the headache of that charger XD

Oh yeah, that'd be interesting. I'm still baffled that you were assembling an AK-47 in school though, I haven't gotten over that. Well, my dear, since you're so curious, I decided to look this up on the school website :) https://hs.pendleton.k12.or.us/course-offerings-at-phs/ - It's changed a bit since I was there though - no more programming :(. I think most schools in the state would follow pretty similar course structures, but I would say it also depends on the amount of money in the district - wealthier districts would give their students more opportunities while poorer districts less. Going to another state you would probably see some variance, but I don't think it would be too much. There is standardized testing there too though.

Oh, of course, I'm just being a numpty, excuse me :). The Illinois one....it was okay....I guess ;) And there's only one lingo freak that I know babe :* - I don't know anyone else that's as passionate about language as you are.

I hope that they do. I love those memories of my dad. He was really into Star Trek too. I remember watching Star Trek: The Next Generation with him before bed a lot. He also let me watch The Simpsons when I went to his house - my mom wouldn't let me watch it because they were rude and said "Shut up" on it >.>

I feel like that's where it comes from, it's the only thing that makes sense to me. I tense up around shouting and stuff too, I think also from them yelling at each other. So, how does it work with who the child lives with in Russia after a divorce? Is it always the mother like in South Carolina? Do you remember either of your parents having many boyfriends/girlfriends growing up or did either ever remarry? Also, if you don't want to talk about any of that, you don't have to share - I'll understand.

Haha, I actually can't remember if he was. The games that he would play with me would be just silly little games against each other, and I'm sure he let me win. He wouldn't play too often, but I loved it when he did. It was definitely mostly watching. I'm glad you have those memories of your dad - like you said, it's not much, but it's still more than some get.
Blockbuster had movies, but they also had a game rental section where you could rent games for the weekend. I remember being so excited to go and pick out a few N64 games to rent. I think they also had a porn section at the back of the store behind some hanging beads - I was always so curious what was in there as a kid XD Did you guys have movie/game rentals when you were a kid there?

Yeah, Lisa was a bitch for doing that....Laura was lovely though. I'm not sure why she and my dad split up, but she seemed to genuinely care about him from what I can gather. I remember they were married for a few years.

Haha, we're really great at these sudden, abrupt changes, aren't we? XD

I know what you mean, I don't think I'd really enjoy that too much either. A few little bites on the lips or neck though, I think you'd like that, yeah? At least, that's what I've gathered from some of the things that you've said. I would be so excited to explore all of this with you if I could - so much that we could learn and try and the thoughts of it all is so exciting....I think we'd be good at it with talking about something that one or the other would like to try and seeing how it feels and making sure we're both comfortable....yeah...

Well, that's a very valid point! Interesting that that's the most popular in Russia. I would look-up what it is in Ireland out of curiosity, but, company laptop - probably not a good idea to search that XD
I can see how that would be really hot and stuff, but I'm a very visual person, I really like having something to look at. Speaking of which, thanks again for sharing your lovely legs earlier, I'm putting together this lovely puzzle of you and it's been very....handy.... ;)

Oh, I'm a bad boy, huh? XD I do enjoy listening to loud music, sometimes the ones where they're screaming and stuff and it drowns out all of the other noise in life for a bit. Brooke used to call it my angry music. I do find it ironic that I listen to that, but then turn around and want to be very considerate and everything. I think I'm very gentle and caring, but I can stand my ground and not take shit from someone if I have to. Also, my height helps with that imposingness if I need it to, I guess.

I had a laugh at your bit there about it being different from the recordings. I think what I liked about the NIN concert was how immersed I got. It was a dark stadium and we were sitting there and I felt my senses completely taken over by the music and lights, didn't even feel the people around me anymore - it was a nice feeling, Also, I was high because we brought pot brownies in, so that was fun. All other concerts that I've been to were just okay - too many people standing around me too closely - no thanks.

Haha, enjoy it, babe - we'll see if you can teach me any others ;*

Fuck....yeah...you're right. I wouldn't be able to see it because I'd have my hands all over you. Sounds like an awful time, let's definitely not do that, huh?
Aug 2
jsammons90
7:34 PM
https://teams.live.com/meet/9382862871392?p=UnqSUZvWEyWnZ2Fsvo
Aug 3
Kaktysshmanchik
1:17 AM
Yeah, Abed is the best)) the actor was also in Mythic Quest - very different character, but still adorable. I'm really into such nerdy guys)
Really? Why do you hate TBBT that much? I'm not a huge fan of it, but for me it had its moments.
Em... That show you sent me is... Erm... Very old-school))
Hm... Yeah, I didn't think you'd know any Russian movie or show) but I've heard Streets of Broken Lights is somewhat popular abroad. Or was. It's a cop drama. And it was really popular here ages ago.
And there are movies.
Mr Nobody Against Putin - a documentary a school teacher filmed after the war started. It's about how his school changed. It won several awards too. I haven't seen it though - it's too much right now.
And The Master and Margarita (2024). It was rather big. Hm... Although I'm not sure if it was dubbed in English...

I think you'd appreciate Blue Eye Samurai. It's a pity you don't have time for that( My Lady Jane was awesome too.
The Morning Show is about a TV studio, where a very famous news guy committed sexual misconduct. It's... It's complicated) I liked how nuanced it was, how many different aspects it explores, points of view.
Yeah, after I saw the blurring there, I started noticing it in other movies, etc(

“Robs the kids of their childhood” - you’d appreciate Nabokov)) He treated taking away someone’s childhood as one of the worst things an adult could do to them. I’m not sure I’d rank it quite the way he did, but I understand why he felt so strongly about it.
I think, when such a kid grows up, they can continue their blogger career - their audience grows up with them, after all. And the parents could always shame them into continuing to support them)
I don't think they have much choice left except for staying in that lane. At least the famous ones, who make real money. They're famous - that creates expectations. Besides, if they keep it up for long enough, more or less ditch school, they end up not knowing what else they can do.
But that's just one of the worst case scenarios. I hope most end up better.

Ugh... People on the internet somehow don't think that the person they're talking about is in fact a person, not just some abstract character. I've heard a curious story: a group of women made pictures about feminism and what a woman is. And naturally they received a lot of shitty comments. But the fun part is that whenever they replied to those comments they became too real, too person-like for the twat to continue their line of thought. Many even apologized.
But that reminds me.. Here people keep talking about how white the new Hermione is - and writing their vile comments when they decide she's not white enough. Sure, she won't know what's going on in Russian internet but something tells me the same shit is happening everywhere.
Yeah, Skarsgard seems like a great guy. I haven't thought about that movie or any horror movie... They do cast children rather often. Thst seems like a very hard job for a kid. Maybe their ability to turn many things into games helps?

Hm... I've never heard about countdowns to girls turning 18. That's... Yeah, that's disturbing.
That reminds me of Under the Dome by King. There's that character who was into football or some similar sport - but he was into girls sports. There are those creepy vibes all over.
Ooh, by the way, cheerleading - is that a thing? In movies it always grosses me out - the way teenage girls are supposed to be that sexy entertainment.

Um... I've never thought about it... So you can't travel by car somewhere too far without spending almost an hour once in a while to charge it? O_o
And I thought most European countries are electric car friendly. Even in Voronezh there are lots of places to charge your car. Although I'm not sure about the situation outside of the city.

Ugh... After that story I'm not sure I care if my wi-fi works in the kitchen. That sounds like a lot of fuss.
I put my wi-fi router in the living room - I thought it'd cover everything, but I didn't think about walls that weaken the signal. >_<

Hm... We sorta discussed education already)) I remember fuck all. Except for the look on your face at a particular moment. It still gives me ideas. I loved it so much.

Ah! How dare you!? The Illinois one was perfect. You just don't understand philology)

Hm... Unfortunately, I’ve never seen Star Trek. Was it actually good? Objectively, please - although something tells me you’re incapable of being objective here)) What did you like about it?

Oh, I'm sorry, baby. Yeah, I get the part about yelling. What are your tactics when someone yells at you? I usually shut down at first, but if the shouting continues, I lash out. Hm... I guess that's why I usually don't get into conflicts - you never know when shouting will start.

In Russia children usually live with their mother. But that's because fathers are rarely interested in the kids. That's one of the things that fascinates me about you, you know? You once sent a VM, where you took the time to help Tadhg with sand in his shoe. It was so sweet. I dunno... It's small, but you sounded so loving.

Hm... Boyfriends\girlfriends...
So, I don't know if mother had anyone. Now I suspect she dated a guy, but I'm not sure. And then there was my trainer, who lived with us for a while. I still don’t know whether there was something between her and my mother. I don’t think I would’ve minded if she’d been a nice person. But she wasn’t, so...
Honestly, I would've loved to have a stepdad if he was nice.
Dad married again when I was 9 or something. She was okay, I liked her. What did mess with my head is that mother kept trying to make me believe that woman bewitched him... Yeah, as in magic. Anyways, that woman gave me my first plant on my 14th birthday)) a tiny weeping fig. I ended up lying to mother - I told her it's dad's present. I still have that tree)) it'll be 20 years old soon) I'll show you a picture.
I think I would've been fine with anyone in their lives if they were kind to me. I often trust people by default until they prove me wrong.

So you were into PvP back then?)) hm... You know, the more you tell me, the more I adore little Jonathan. I dunno... Something about imagining you being excited about another video game feels endearing. Apparently, sometimes you were a little shit too, but who wasn't?)
Did you know back then that they're hiding porn behind the curtain or were you curious just because that was an unresolved mystery?)
Yeah, we did have places like Blockbuster. Tiny things that always looked rather suspicious. I bet half of what they had was pirated. Dad used to rent movies from time to time.

Huh... I just realized why you asked about my Mustang t-shirt on video call - I didn't remember what was the car exactly. For me it's just red with black stripes) I don't remember most of their names. >_< so no, still not on purpose) although I did buy it for the print) and for how soft it is)

Yeah, bites are great) I'd let you bite me) but you should remember that I bite back.
Hm... Yeah, I'd love that. To explore what we're really into. To try different stuff.
Do you think we’d laugh a lot if something turned out to be ridiculous? Before moving on to the next idea, or back to whatever already works.

If I figured out the color correctly, for Ireland it's MILF.
NSFW: https://www.reddit.com/r/mapporncirclejerk/s/6E3OXdDRU0
I don't like the category though. >_< well,not the category, the name - it's so degrading.
My pleasure, puppy. After I saw your face, when I told you about my situation during the video call.... Yeah, now you’ve made me want to think of something else to send you. Oh my... That expression....

Mhm... Flexing his height again... Great... Us, short people, don't appreciate it. (Some of us still find it hot though)
What else are you into? Maybe there are a few top artists in your playlist?

Huh... Wasn't there a lot of people on the NIN concert? Or were you high enough to not give a fuck?)
I somehow imagine us riding somewhere and you rolling eyes hard whenever one of my songs playing on our joint playlist. And me doing the same about your music. :-P

Yeah... The worst time. I wouldn't recommend it to no one. :*

You know what... I just remembered you asking me about pet peeves once. And I realized at some point that I get livid, when people don't understand me. Not just when it's something hard to understand or too nuanced, not when I tie my tongue in knots while explaining. No. I mean when I explain shit clearly, without double meaning or anything. I fucking get livid, when people don't get what I mean just because they couldn't be arsed to read or listen properly.
Have you discovered any more, besides drawers being left open and things being misplaced?
Hm... If you had servants, they'd probably hate you. Or to the contrary, they'd adore you for being the sweetest and learn perfectly where everything should go.
_Aug 3, 2026_01:20_0.jpeg
jsammons90
5:46 AM
I don't recall hearing about Mythic Quest before - I just looked it up and it sounds quite interesting though! Well, my hatred of TBBT comes from how it's not celebrating nerd culture but, instead, laughing at it and the people that enjoy nerd culture. This video sums it all up perfectly: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DxFPmF1puW4
Yeah, The Andy Griffith show used to be on back when I was a kid - reruns at least. You could turn on a TV in South Carolina and find that playing - thought you might find that one interesting :).

I haven't heard of any of these other shows that you mentioned either - I'm so uncultured XD. Mr Nobody Against Putin sounds really interesting though, I enjoy documentaries but can totally understand how that one is just too much to watch for now - do you enjoy documentaries? That's interesting about the blurring in other movies and stuff too - I haven't actually noticed that in anything that I've watched, but I'm probably just not paying close enough attention.

Hmmm, that's an interesting one and I think it is awful, but worse than that is physical/sexual/emotional abuse that can be inflicted on children, but I suppose all of that ties into robbing them of their childhood. Some could turn to using their childhood fame and continuing in one way or another like you said, but I would imagine that there are plenty who just end up disengaging from society due to mental health issues after the fact.

I love that the feminists confronted these people about their abuse and, as expected, they tucked tail and ran from it as soon as someone opposed them. I think that a lot of people don't understand what feminism really is, either, so they don't understand what they're even upset about. That story does remind me of the one of the woman in the 70s I think it was where she put a bunch of items in front of her and stood still for something like 12 hours with a sign saying people could do whatever they wanted. People were kind enough at first, simple messing, but by the end of it she had been cut, clothes torn or removed, and a gun had been pointed at her. At the end of the experiment, she got up and started walking and everyone scattered, scared of the consequences of their actions. Have you heard that story before?

As soon as a child is exposed to the world via a big project like that, all of the vile things come out, regardless of who they are. I do think that girls, especially girls of color, get the absolute worst and most scrutiny of it all though. Yeah, I don't know how they actually get kids to do these movies/shows without giving them serious mental health problems! Oh, so is the character an adult in Under the Dome and he keeps going to girls sports events or observing them? And yes, cheerleading is a real thing that happens all over the US - pretty much every middle school/high school will have cheerleading teams with almost exclusively young girls. Yeah...it's fucked up and gross, I don't understand it. Such a strange comparison for sports where people will follow the players, know their names and everything, but no such respect for the girls/women that cheer - simply objects to view in most peoples eyes I think. Even American Football, each team has their own cheerleader squad - at least the last time that I saw any of that they did.

Yeah, it's a total pain at times. Most of the time it's okay because we're not going far, but if we go on a journey, we have to plan along the way because there aren't too many charging stations. Also, if you put on the heating or if it's cold outside, that really impacts how fast the battery drains, so a long journey in winter is especially awful.

Yup, I think the walls are part of the problem for mine too. I got 100 millimetre insulated plasterboard slabs put on the external walls when doing up the house for retaining heat during the winter, but the depth of that impacts the signal just enough for reaching the car charger - total pain in the ass! Material and thickness play such a huge role in that loss - I forget about it too.

Mmhmm - I wonder what moment that was, I've got no idea what you could possibly be talking about :*

Haha, I told you I'm uncultured! XD

I think it was okay - I always enjoyed Star Wars more, but it's because Star Wars was more of a spectacle. Star Trek was more about being diplomatic in space - probably a more accurate depiction of what it would be like if there were aliens and space travel because it was basically about going out there and building bonds and charting the universe. I think that it was fine, but really a bit boring for me - I would go out of my way to watch it now other than nostalgia.

I think I'm like you, I probably shut down at first - trying to process what's going on and why I'm in this situation, but if someone keeps yelling at me I'll lash back. I can't remember the last time that happened though. If someone is being short or aggressive or passive aggressive towards me, I think my first reaction is to put my walls up and stop talking to that person at that moment and deny that anything is bothering me if they ask. I know that it's important to be open and honest in those situations, but that's hard. In the event it was someone that I didn't know acting that way towards me, being rude, I think I would just shrug it off initially, but if they persisted I would stand my ground and get confrontational right back.

I remember you mentioning that to me after the fact :) It's a shame that fathers aren't invested in their children in those circumstances - mothers are just expected to be the ones to hold it together and raise the kids, which is really fucking difficult and draining. I'll never understand how someone could have a child and not be interested in helping to raise them, look after them, and show them love and compassion.

So, when you mentioned the trainer initially a long while back, I was actually really confused at first, I thought the trainer was a guy but then you mentioned she was a woman in the messages and it left me a bit confused on if your mother may have had something going on with her or if I was misunderstanding things. That's pretty crazy about your mom trying to convince you that your dads other wife was using magic to control him. I also noticed that you mentioned that she "was" nice, so I'm guessing they split up as well? Your tree is really nice though, I love it! It looks like it would be heavy to move.

I'm telling you - you and me together as kids, best friends, no doubts. We would have gotten into so much trouble together, but I think we would have had great times exploring and playing games. I do remember having different multiplayer games that I would always try and get my dad to play with me, or I would play against my younger sister - I enjoyed playing against other people a lot back then. Hmmm, I knew that there was something back there that only adults could see and I think that I was told it was naked women, so I knew what it was to a degree, but not exactly what the naked women were doing in the videos, I just thought they were naked - so innocent XD
Ya know what's funny about it though - Blockbuster had this really distinct smell...maybe it was all of the plastic or something. It just came back to me thinking about this stuff and it's like I can smell it again. It wasn't a bad smell, just one of those kinda unique smells that sticks with you - like my grandmothers house.
Do they still have any video shops like that in Russia or is it like everywhere else where that's not really a thing anymore due to digital media?

Haha, yeah, I thought that maybe you didn't realize after I asked that XD. But anyways, yeah, it was Mustang's that my dad really loved and is the car that I would really like to get if I ever could. You shirt did look really soft though, looked comfortable....and what was underneath....mind wandering again.....

Oh fuck, of course my mind starts wandering, I try to collect myself, and we get to this part XD. I would be completely fine with you biting me back, fair is fair after all :*
Oh yeah, I think we would both be laughing out of embarrassment half the time if there was something that we wanted to try and were too shy to ask, but we would eventually get it out and see what we think and decide how it feels and if we both like it. I wonder what kinds of things you would end up wanting to try and liking that I would then enjoy to do for you...figuring those kinds of things out would be so much fun. I feel like we both have decently high sex drives too. Ideally, how often do you think you'd like to have sex?

Oh wow - I took a look at that on my phone and I agree, it looks like MILF to me too. And, yeah, I think it's a bit degrading as well. I feel like maybe that category is probably used to find women who are older, rather than younger, more in line with ones age? Just a guess, maybe some people just really get off on that idea of the person being a mother, but if it is the former, then maybe they should just insert age ranges instead? I think I'm thinking into the categorization of porn too much right now....

Haha, I'm really curious what my expression was like, I wasn't expecting you to say that at all and my mind just went blank for a minute as I processed the situation and what you were saying and all of the lovely ry and ideas that it gave me XD

Oh, don't worry, I will continue to flex my height for you, I really like the height difference between us - really makes me want to just pick you up into my arms :)
Hmmm, I was going to try and share my liked songs list with you, but it won't let me, so I'm going to make a playlist with stuff that I have on there to share with you.

Oh yeah, there were loads of people there, but we were sitting up in the stands and there was a good bit of space, didn't feel too crammed together so it was all good. Also, being high definitely helped. If I'm under the influence of something, I don't feel as on edge in those situations, but I was so lost in the whole spectacle of the show that I didn't even register the people around me at that point :) Haha, so far I've enjoyed the songs that you've shared....I think Spotify has some collaboration thing now where we can both add songs? That could be fun :)

So it sounds like it's really about people not listening to you when you're telling them something or explaining something to them. Yeah, that shit annoys me too. If I'm taking the time to tell you this, please pay attention. That reminds me of this tool of a boss I had before. I was doing my annual review with him, and he ended up talking about himself what great work he was doing for most of it. Whenever I would start to say something, he would start looking at his phone and just give me "Uh-huh"s. I wanted to smash his phone against the wall.

As for other pet peeves, hmm....yeah, people not tidying up after themselves. Like eating something and then leaving the plate on the table or the kitchen counter instead of cleaning it up. It's one thing if the dishwasher is going or something, that's fine, but if it's not and it's empty, just put it in the dishwasher! XD OH! Another one - people putting their fingers on my computer monitor screen.....I hate that. Smudges from fingers after they do, drives me insane. What about you - any others? I'll let you know of any others that I think of too.

Hahaha, I actually can't ever imagine having servants. I think I would find it so awkward...the whole power dynamic....those kinds of things make me feel uncomfortable. Even staying at this hotel and having this driver come pick us up, I don't like how there's this whole perception to be waited on so much. It just feels like these people are expected to put themselves on a level below me because I'm staying here and it feels stiff and fake and I would just much rather have people loose and honest. Our driver while we're here, Richmond, super quiet guy, never says anything in the car, but I assume that's what they tell him to do in the job. Anyways, yesterday when we went for that long drive and we stopped for coffees, I asked if the others if they knew if Richmond would like anything? I thought that it would be nice to get him something since he's having to chauffeur us around. I ended up getting him a black coffee because I didn't know what he might want and brought it back out to him and he didn't seem to know what to say or do with it. I think he had a little of it, but didn't drink much of it. I wish I had gone outside and asked him what he would like instead, but we thought he would just be kind and say nothing.

Sorry, that was a long winded paragraph - I'd be a terrible rich person, treating all of the help as actual people - imagine that >.>
How would you feel in those situations?
jsammons90
7:07 AM
Okay....I just spent the last couple of hours going through songs and made a large list of my liked songs, going from newest to oldest added to the list: https://open.spotify.com/playlist/7HuYSVpFZOhg1XJLsCuXm6?si=ae3e6eb901474f6c&pt=fa1f157bf635b6124b6db78916e02fb3

There's quite a mix of stuff on there, so beware. I've got about 600 songs on my liked list and got down to about 400....spotify was acting shitty so that was as much as I could grab now and I figured it's a shit load as well for now XD
I think you can actually add songs on there too.
Kaktysshmanchik
10:40 PM
I watched the TBBT video. Hm... It's kinda surprising) I expected a take on toxic masculinity, sexism, racism, homophobia, antisemitism, ableism. It's all there. But I liked bits and pieces anyway. Maybe I was watching it with my brain turned off) Or maybe it was before I became more picky - I'm not sure.
"The Andy Griffith show used to be on back when I was a kid" - I didn't know you're that ancient :-P It's... quaint) Actually, it reminded me of something by Gogol, but I can't remember what exactly >_<
Do you know Charmed? I remember it was huge here. I wanted to watch it awfully, but my schedule didn't allow it >_<

You're cultured enough) don't sell yourself short.
No, I usually don't watch documentaries) although, some YouTube videos I watch can be called documentaries, I guess. What kind of documentaries do you like? What's the appeal?) this is the moment, when you discover how uncultured I am)
Yeah, the blurring is hard to notice most of the time. And it's not like they do that everywhere.

Ah, yeah, I've heard about that performance. The things people do sometimes just don't fit in my head. It's something from another universe.
But yeah, it's funny how people did a runner as soon as they had a human being on their hands instead of a mute object.
That makes me wonder what I'm capable of. I mean, those morons surely thought of themselves as good people, so... You never know.

Yeah, the character is an adult. What makes it especially vile is the realization that there are real life people like that - I'm sure of that. And you'd never know.
Under the Dome is an infuriating book overall)) there's a corrupt politicians, dirty cops, helpless citizens, dumb crowds, a horrible pervert with too much power, religious fanatics. A charming book) but it's a huge one - a proper doorstopper.
Hm... Were you ever into cheerleaders when you were at school?)

Hm... Now I wonder if there's a way to calculate the range of the router you'd need, considering walls and all that...
I think, when I move to some other place, I'm gonna be even more insufferable than I was the last time. XD and the last time was already something - with all those plans, blueprints, lists.

M... Star Wars... How do you feel about the last one? I sorta liked it. But I'm not a huge fan of the franchise, maybe that's the reason) do you have opinions about the last movie?) or the one with that funny alien... What's his face...
But yeah... I guess, Star Trek is also old. Sci-fi and fantasy usually age badly, unfortunately.

It’s hard for me to imagine you angry) But I suppose anyone can get there if someone keeps poking at them for long enough.
Yeah, I suppose openness is important, but so is talking in a way the other person can actually hear. Especially if you want to resolve the conflict rather than just win it.
Hm... I don't know how to resolve conflicts peacefully. I don't think I have any good experience. Except for the ones I had at work - somehow it's easier to talk things through when you have the same goals. Although, most relationships imply that too. Or they should.
How do you imagine the best case scenario for a conflict resolution?

About kids and divorces.
What is it like in the US, though? Are fathers generally expected to be equally involved, or is it still treated as the mother raising the children while the father “helps”?
Even you said “helping to raise them”)) I don’t blame you - I use the same phrase unconsciously. But it’s telling, isn’t it? The mother raises the child while the father helps. Even when that doesn’t reflect what’s actually happening.

Yeah, I thought it was too tangled. I explained it backwards) The trainer is a woman.
The problem mostly was that I didn't understand the nature of their relationship. Well, one of the problems) I'm also not sure how I would've reacted back then if I'd been told they're a couple - those were different times, different me.
Yeah, my dad divorced that woman. Or she divorced him - I don't know. Huh... Come to think of it, I don't even know when it happened. I just met his new girlfriend, when I visited once. Just out of the blue - "here's whatshername"))

I dunno... You'd be the bad influence) allegedly) would've taught me to open locks with a credit card... I'm still not over that one. Although now I'm impressed I even heard what you were saying at that point))
I can imagine us sneaking to each other's rooms through a window. And talking through half a night. How do you think, would it have been possible for me to persuade you to do that? I've always tried that with my friends - we were very rarely allowed sleepovers. But they never agreed - they were worried they'd get in trouble for that.
M... Sure. Naked women sitting around a table, drinking tea. Hm... Do you remember the first erotic/porn video you ever saw? I once stayed late, watching telly - and then it started... I wasn't sure what it was, but somehow I knew I'd better turn the sound off XD I remember the woman was wearing a blue tight suit. The man... Hm... The man definitely existed somewhere there) it was just erotic - nothing showed. Still, I wasn’t expecting it.

Funny how smells sometimes just pop up in our heads))
Hm... You barely talk about your grandparents... Relatively speaking.
Mm... No, I don't think there are video shops left here. Why? We're not that backward)) hm... Although, the question makes sense after I told you we use cash these days)))

See? If you wanted me to catch up you should've told me you were implying the red car. Another one is white. That I remember and understand)
Your mind is naughty. Telling you how nice the fabric feels sliding over my nipples is very tempting, but that would be inappropriate.

I don't mind laughing with you) in Russia sex is often a very solemn act. Everyone is concentrated, doing the serious job.
I like how you chuckle sometimes in your VMs. It's nice. I suspect, at least some of it is embarrassment, but still adorable.
Omg... I just thought if you'd find out that I'm ticklish, you'd weaponize it immediately to make me tense up in all the right places each time you tickle me. It's a funny thought) I'd be slapping your hands and laughing, and you'd be insufferable about it)
But yeah... Trying things, figuring them out. I can imagine bringing you to my desk, pulling up a video. "That, puppy. We have to try that." And you'd be wondering if people are supposed to bend that way at our age XD
As for how often... I'm not sure. >_> for the first few months I'd climb you every time you look at me funny) but as things settle down... That depends on how shitty the day was. Like, when I come home after a party the only thing I want to do is to just die.
Fuck... This is hard. I don't know, okay? Yeah. Sorry. I got angry with myself here XD
I guess, if things are going well, then every other day or so. Not sure.
You?

Speaking of categories. It's so fucked up, but pornhub added filter for lesbians relatively recently. Well, at first there was no filter. Then they added gay, then trans. And only after that came a filter for lesbians. It was still in beta the last time I saw it >_<

I'd love to hear about those ideas someday) but the expression... Hm... I'd say naked is the best word for it. No pun intended)
I like you when your thoughts scatter, and you stutter and become inarticulate) it's hot. And endearing. And hot)

Ugh... I would have hated that boss of yours. I was lucky enough to have better ones) usually they were more or less attentive and helpful. Yeah... I don't remember anyone I didn't like. Even the current one is great - no matter how much I complain about her to a couple of other colleagues. And to be fair, those colleagues love her too, but we have to bitch about our boss from time to time) we can't just sit there and thirst over our devs all day long.

Ooh, dishwasher... Uh-huh. We peasants wash our dishes by hand. Hm. I do tend to gather a rather impressive collection of mugs on my desk by the end of the day >_>
Ugh, yeah, fingerprints on the monitor are the worst. And if they poke too hard, they can fuck up the whole thing. I remember during my photography era (*fixes her beret*) I found out that someone poked my monitor too hard and it ended up with these slightly darker patches. It was fine for games and movies. But I was trying to edit my pictures - and there were those odd areas >_<
Hm... Yeah, another one. I hate it when people notice I have a new haircut or clothes or something and tell it to my face. I don't know what's the deal. I feel put under spotlight. That's why I usually don't tell people I noticed something new about them - I assume they're the same way.

Oh, yeah, in real life having servants would be so fucking weird. I don't like that. That's one of the reasons I don't go to restaurants much - too weird already. Well, and there are other people too) but that's not the point right now) all in all, I don't go to such places on my own and prefer someone else to deal with the order. I just can't - too awkward.
I've been thinking about hiring a cleaning lady or something - and reached the conclusion that I'd end up cleaning alongside her >_<
And it was always weird for me when in classic literature an author was saying something like "the servants were happy to see their master back home." Were they though? I'm not so sure...
Oh come on! You did a good thing and now you're second guessing it >_< even if he didn't like his coffee black - the fact you thought about him was nice. And that you acted on it even better. In your place I'd be standing there, scared and awkward. You did good.
Aug 4
jsammons90
3:46 PM
It's a funny one - I remember everyone raving about TBBT back when it first came out and how it celebrated nerd culture, so I decided to watch it and it just felt off to me. I think I watched one or two episodes and just felt like that laugh track that they add in (I hate laugh tracks) was always laughing at the character rather than the situation. I remember my older sister just being so surprised that I didn't like it and I explained my reasons and she just didn't seem to get it. Well, seeing as how I just slept for 9-10 hours and woke up with a bit of a stiff back, I'm feeling pretty ancient XD Andy Griffith was definitely a show with those little issues that would just feel so insignificant and silly now - but is kinda charming to look back on now.
Oh yeah, I remember Charmed - just because Rose McGowan and Alyssa Milano were in it though XD I never watched the show, but I know that Alyssa Milano was a mermaid or dressed up as a mermaid in one episode....so I know the important stuff, ya know? Funny that it was huge there - what other shows from the US were that big?

I like learning new things, so I enjoy documentaries, but it's not like I'm watching them all the time or anything. Although I never put them on to watch, the David Attenborough documentaries are always fascinating if they happen to be on. I'm having trouble thinking of specific documentaries that I really enjoyed, but a lot of the YouTube videos that I watch could be considered really short documentaries I suppose. There's one, Death of a Game, that goes over the popularity of certain games and how they ended up failing or ending that I find quite interesting. And while it's not a documentary, I always love watching Last Week Tonight with John Oliver - he touches on such interesting topics and sheds light on shitty things that I would otherwise be oblivious to. And, my dear, I know you're not uncultured :)

At the end of the day, we're all animals. We all give in to this flimsy social contract of how we expect everyone to act, but I think humans can very quickly become quite awful. I think anyone is capable of pretty awful things, it's just how hard you have to be pushed to get there. I'd like to think that if I saw people doing that to someone, I'd step in to help the person that's being targeted though.

I remember a story of Kings that was adapted to TV and I really feel like it was Under the Dome....the only part that I really remember is some dude towing a nuke or a really strong bomb somewhere - is something like that in the story? Hmmm, I don't think I was - not that I can remember. Their personalities were too different from mine and they were always considered some of the "cool kids", which I never felt like I was. I still talked to some of them from time to time and that one girl that I did have a crush on, Kayla, I think may have been a cheerleader for a short time, but it was never because she was a cheerleader or anything like that, I was just attracted to her and she actually seemed like a decent person. Oh! One of the cheerleaders from my school was on the local news years ago - you won't believe what the story was about XD: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jjvy7qGzEOI
She was in some of my classes and I think Jacob was as well....or he was in the year above maybe? Anyways, I think you'll get a kick out of that video.

Oh, I'm sure that there's an equation that you can plug it all into, but you would need to know the exact materials and distances and all of that between the target location and the router...something tells me that this planning is something that you'll enjoy though XD

I can't say that I enjoyed the last one too much, it was all just too much Deus Ex Machina for me. "Somehow....Palpatine returned." Okay buddy, that's great...how about the interesting story of the difficulties and struggles and dark methodologies that he used to return? That would be interesting, not just reappearing like a magic trick. And that part with the fucking dagger showing the location of some macguffin that the needed....ugghhhh, it's so dumb and bothers me so much! XD There can be interesting ideas or characters, usually the morally grey ones like the dude selling weapons to both the Imperials and the Rebels, but there's not enough of that typically in the stories. It's like they don't respect the audience or their intelligence a lot of the time. I like the idea of space wizards with laser swords and I think it's fun to play games as Jedi or Sith because it's basically a power fantasy, but I just wish the writing and stuff was more interesting.

Hmm, the one with the funny alien....gweedo? The little alien haggler dude with wings? Or Grogu, little baby Yoda? Star Trek has been around for a long time, but they're still making new seasons and stuff too. Trea is a big Star Trek fan and was telling me a bit - I didn't realize that they were still making it until talking to him.

Right, gonna send this for now and I'll try to send some more at work in a bit :*
jsammons90
11:32 PM
Yeah, I don't usually get angry or shout - I don't like it when I do, but, like you said, everyone has their limits.
Well, I think for proper conflict resolution, you have to look at your actions from the point of view of the person that you're having the conflict with as well and, sometimes, swallow pride and admit something that you did wrong, but the other person has to do that as well. It's not always an easy thing to do.

It's more of what the state chooses. When you get the divorce, they government looks at it like the mother is the caregiver and stuff; it's really looking at things from the traditional standpoint. Unless the mother is abusing drugs and stuff, they'll pretty much always get custody.

So nonchalant about the new girlfriend lol.

Right, more in a bit :)
jsammons90
11:54 PM
Haha, your mind was someplace else entirely - I'm surprised you took that in as well XD
Uhhh, yeah, I would have totally done that. That actually reminds me of a story of when I was a kid - I was probably around 8 and I had a friend in daycare that I would go to after school named Gabe. Well, Gabe told me that his older brother goes to strip clubs and that he would drive us to one if I snuck over to the school at night. The school was right next door to the apartment that we lived in, so I agreed. I grabbed a pair of fancy shoes and attempted to sneak out, walked to the corner where I thought they would meet me, waited for a few minutes, then turned and went back to find my mom looking for me. She asked me what I was doing and I lied and said that I wanted to sneak out to play because I had been grounded and not allowed to go out and play. I confronted Gabe the next day and he admitted to making it all up - I wasn't the smartest kid XD

I loved having sleepovers as a kid, I could do it a lot, but it was mostly me going to other peoples houses. Hahaha, I didn't know what to expect! I do actually remember - a show called Lushious Liquids where women pour all sorts of different things all over themselves. Watched it at a friends house when I was staying over for a few days lol.
Aug 5
jsammons90
4:23 AM
Haha, in regards to the video shops, I was just curious if it was any different there - I figured that there probably weren't though.

Ah...yeah...the shirt...on your.....nipples....hmmmm.....that's a lovely mental picture, I'm definitely not drooling right now.....Next time I'll have to tell you that I hate your shirt and that you should take it off so it no longer offends me >.>

"Everyone is concentrated, doing the serious job" - how boring! XD We'd definitely have fun with it, giggling and just being silly at first until we both get lost in each other and things then take a much more passionate tone....
Some of it definitely is embarrassment, but a lot of it is just pure giddyiness from talking to you - I just enjoy it so much!
Welllll, now that you told me that, I would definitely have to weaponize it :) It sounds like you don't mind being tickled, but you'll deny it I think ;)
So, yeah, this next part gave me some mental s, well, actually all of this has, but there's something about you dragging me over to your desk and showing me something that you want to try that just seems so fucking hot. Also, remember to go easy on me, I'm a whole 3 years older than you, ya know!
Hahaha, this question seemed to really do a number on you XD. It would definitely be a lot at the start and slow down, but every other day...fuck me, that sounds lovely. We'd have to try all sorts of stuff to keep it interesting though, babe :*

You seem to be intimately familiar with the settings on PornHub XD All of this attention to filters and your cartoon videos that you like to watch - I'm getting a very clear picture of your habits here XD. You are constantly making my thoughts scatter and I lose all words, I just turn into a mumbling mess and really have to focus to squeeze words out again. You know exactly how to throw me off my train of thought!

Oh yeah, you have to complain about the boss from time to time for sure. I'm lucky with Lauren right now, she's really laid back and chill and I think going with her on this trip has been really good for getting to know her more and learning what she's like as a person. I feel like we're definitely on the level now where I can just be real and honest about my thoughts in work without worrying what she may think as my boss.

What's that? Sorry, did you say something? I couldn't hear you over the sound of my dishwasher, peasant. Now, scurry along, there are fields to be tended to....I have a feeling that that little quip is going to cost me somehow XD.
Ugh, yeah, the poking especially irritates me. I'm worried about pixels getting damaged, really gets under my skin. Oh, meant to tell you, that's a lovely beret, looks great on you. I can only imagine how irritating it was for when you were editing photos seeing all of the finger prints. And about your other pet peeve....I remember complimenting you hair cut when I saw it, I can only imagine the annoyance you were shielding me from when I did that now! My whole life people have always called out when they noticed something new. Do most people in Russia not call out something like that?

I don't mind going to a restaurant and getting food, but the hotel is too much. I just imagine the people coming here thinking that they are better than others and looking down on the staff - pricks. Also, that's pretty funny about cleaning with the cleaning lady. I can imagine that though - I'd feel bad for them cleaning up after me so I'd offer to help and then pay them for me helping them clean. Look at us being decent people who treat others with respect :) Although, they need to stay the fuck away, because we also don't like them!

That's very sweet of you to say, thank you. I was happy I brought him something, I just wish he had liked it. I suppose, like you said, it was nicer than doing nothing at all.
Kaktysshmanchik
12:10 PM
Huh. You know, here no one talked about it as a celebration of nerd culture. It was just another sitcom. Although I still liked the references. In any case, I didn’t realise it hit such a personal nerve for you. I guess I just never thought of the characters as nerds. For me, they were just these weird people doing some of the same things I liked doing too)
Are you the only nerd in your family?
Yeah, you and your posh life sorta inspired me to message my massage therapist and book an appointment. So you’re not alone in feeling ancient))
Hah)) You know, I don’t remember the mermaid costume at all) I had to google it, and apparently it was in one of the episodes I’d seen. But I’d never paid that much attention to the costume) You know, I actually appreciate the tit scales. I expected her to wear shells like Ariel.
Hm. I think I already mentioned Smallville... I know peak cinema when I see it - the two of us are great critics, focusing on important bits. I think people were really into Lost, but I’ve never seen it. And I watched House MD waaaay later, along with Supernatural.
Ooh! Xena! She was a big thing here. Mostly because of her blonde friend, though(( But I liked the show. Xena was really cool. I wanted to be like her.

David Attenborough... I don’t really know his work, but his face looks vaguely familiar.. >_>
Death of a Game - funny enough, one Russian games journalist does something pretty similar)) I don’t know if he stole the idea or if it’s just a fairly obvious format)
Were you ever interested in astronomy? I adore Neil deGrasse Tyson! Hm. And I’m subscribed to a guy who talks about biology and genetics. In Russian, though. Oh, and a philology lady. And another woman who talks about feminism. And a guy who’s into literature.
Hm... okay, apparently I’m into documentaries))
Remember we were thinking about watching something together? It could be some light documentary, yeah? That could be fun... Fuck, I wish we could do it together-together. Tangled in each other and all that. That would be so wonderful.

I don’t agree with all of what you said about humans, though. Yeah, the social contract is important, but it’s not something entirely forced upon us. We’re social animals - we’re supposed to cooperate and do shit together, care for each other. And you can look at actual animals and see that they do it too. It’s not something manufactured by humans for humans. Ours is just much more vast and tangled.
Here’s an example: https://youtu.be/HEvO5SBiv6k?si=b7j7Ze8QmJXyOiGy
I think part of the problem is that we’re expected to include too many people in our social circle. We’re expected to give a fuck about at least the city we live in - and its people. I think that’s too much for brains wired to live and cooperate within a small tribe. Everyone outside the tribe is an outsider. The Other. And our brains can stop treating them as fully human.
Yeah, I’d like to think I would’ve done something too. But that’s just a pretty picture in my head.
Ugh... I got rather preachy there >_< You’re welcome to argue with me, though) I dare you))

M... no... There isn’t a nuke in Under the Dome. There are missiles, though. And a gas explosion. It was adapted for TV, and I fucking hated it XD they got everything wrong, and the acting was shit. That’s a shame, though. It could’ve been a great show.

You know, every time you mention your school, I keep imagining something from an American movie) You know, a strict hierarchy, everyone fucks everyone, someone’s always high, and someone’s throwing a huge party because their parents went on a business trip. Oh, and there should be at least one makeover. And a prom king and queen. Prom is a huge deal, apparently. Classes are optional, though.
“After the initial spookiness wore off, the couple started to take comfort in the .” XD Hahahah))) That was perfect)) I can’t say I’ve had the privilege of knowing people like that. Well, I can imagine some of my classmates being fooled by something like that, but none of them ended up on telly.
We do have plenty of stories like that here, though) People finding Jesus in a leaking ceiling, a cracked wall, a puddle - you name it. Oh... There’s a book about a society that accepted all of that as truth, along with astrology, homeopathy and other nonsense. It’s a pity it wasn’t translated into English >_<
Hm... Have I told you my mother is into homeopathy?) Thank fuck I was never sick with anything really serious. But she did give me those little sugar thingies. I didn’t mind, though - they were sweet)

Speaking of medicine... Half of my friends went through something similar, and another one had heard the stories, so now I’m wondering whether this was ever a thing in the US.
Whenever I was sick, a sore throat was a real bitch for me. Still is. And once my mother heard about a supposed solution. So one day she swabbed my throat with kerosene. Fucking hell... The taste... The smell... I can still remember it XD
Were you tough enough to survive any traditional home remedies and come out the other side unchanged?))

Well, how hard can calculating it really be? You know the distance, you know the materials - the rest is just maths. >_>
It will go wrong, though. Somehow. Such things always do.

Babe... Kylo Ren was hot there - dark, conflicted, with a chance to change. That’s all that matters. Focus on the important things. Gods... The plot... Of course you’d be interested in the plot.
Yeah, truth be told, I don’t remember anything you mentioned from the movie)) I was a bit distracted.
But the way you talk about it reminds me of how I think about books. That’s more or less my review of the Green Creek series. With a lot more gay sex, though - hence more exciting. But yeah, I’d hate convenient plot turns like that so much... I get it.
Have you played the Star Wars MMO? The one BioWare made?

The funny alien was Jar Jar Binks)) I completely forgot his name >_< I found him charming when I watched the movie, but apparently people hate him for some reason((
Huh... I didn’t know Star Trek was still alive either...
By the way, have you seen Doctor Who? If you have, who’s your favourite Doctor? Or companion)

That can be hard, though - taking the other person’s perspective into account. Especially when both of you are angry as fuck.
I liked how we handled it in my previous team. Say I came across something I didn’t like and knew who was responsible. I’d gather examples and write down what I thought would be a better way to do it. Maybe I’d even offer several options. Or just bring the general vibes if I didn’t know what the actual solution was.
Well... I’d do all that right after raging at my monitor and telling it everything I thought about that person)) But then I’d bring it to them and explain the problem.
And if someone came to me with something like that... First, I’d yell at the monitor, obviously. And then we’d discuss it. Usually everyone was happy to change the way we worked - the suggestions were always more or less solid and made everyone’s life easier.
I guess the word “team” is doing a lot of heavy lifting here. That mindset might be harder to bring into a relationship because there isn’t a visible project you’re both working on. The relationship itself is the project, but that’s much harder to define. At least for me.

Hm... Also, a late thought. I think fear of being reprimanded stops people from being sensible during a conversation. It can feel as though, if you lose the battle, you lose more than that - you’re expected to grovel and give up your self-respect along with your status as an equal. Even if only for a little while.
I was once made to kneel and ask to be forgiven. I don’t remember what it was about, but I don’t think it was anything major. So I suppose it makes sense that apologizing and losing an argument can still feel like humiliation to me, even when nobody is actually asking me to grovel.
I’m immensely grateful for how you reacted when I told you I’d lied about the song. I half expected you to be angry or hurt. You didn’t sound angry, but I still wonder whether it hurt you. You’ve shown me over and over again how level-headed you are, and that made it much easier to be honest with you.

But do fathers generally want to be involved with their children after a divorce? I see that very rarely here. A man merely existing near his own child gets “awwww” and “you’re the best father, your wife should be grateful” - even if said child is chewing on their second serving of dirt at the time. >_<

Well, why wouldn’t it be nonchalant?) It’s not like meeting his new girlfriend was a big deal unless she wanted us to get to know each other. She didn’t, so it all went perfectly))

Omg... So naive)) but also very endearing) it was a good sign that you trusted him. Even if that particular adventure wasn't something I'd advise the little Jonathan to participate in)
I don't think I actually sneaked out even once. I didn't see the point - there were all sorts of things to do during the day, and I didn't know what to do outside alone at night. Although when I hit 15 or something... Not that I sneaked out. I just was coming home too often too late. Too drunk. And when there was no one at home... Fuck me... If I were my own parent, I would never have left teenage me home alone XD
So cringy times. I hate teen years) those were not my finest moments)

Hm... You know what... I've heard this thing... They say many boys jerked off with their friends at least once. I asked 5 or 6 friends - none of them did it. Liars, I presume. Or it's a foreign thing >_> is it?

Since we sorted the video shops, I have a question. Was there any food in your childhood you absolutely hated?
I googled what traumatized me - google says it's either semolina porridge or cream of wheat... Ugh... Either way, I hated it. It always ended up being lumpy in places. And when they tried to make it better adding raisins, it only made it worse somehow.

Look at you all inspired)) yeah, I might end up spilling something on my shirt during a video call - then it'd have to go, unfortunately.

We're not sexting here, Kathy. Keep it together. Get a fucking grip >_<

Yeah, half of our interactions would be giggling and giddiness.
Aaand this is the moment I return to this message after watching that video you sent me. Uh-huh. Talking, babe, sure. We're gonna talk a lot - that's what preoccupies my mind right now. Definitely.
I don’t usually like being tickled. But in that particular context, with you being insufferably pleased with yourself... yeah, I think I could enjoy it))
I am pretty vanilla, so your ancient age won't be an issue most of the time) that said, some things look intriguing to try at least once) but yeah, I would love to show you stuff. And I'd be glad if you'd be showing things that got your curiosity going.
Yeah, we'd better take a vacation at least for a week. Or our work performance would decrease dramatically. >_< but overall I think every other day sounds like it. That okay for you?

I did my research) although, I usually spend more time with text.
Well, I did like talking to you about it. Yesterday was so nice and easy. I liked that a lot. But turning you into a mumbling mess... Yeah... That's good too. Gods, I'd love to actually see you like that. I'm sure it'd be quite a sight.

M... Yeah, bosses. Very important topic. I'm especially interested in it right now. A fascinating topic.
It makes sense though that you feel looser around your boss now when you found an actual person behind the role)
Do you have colleagues you can go to when you need to bitch about work?

What?! Why would it cost you anything? No, love. Jokes are great. Please don't filter them out. Now. Excuse me, I have cows to milk.
What kind of monitor do you have? I have one made by xiaomi. I dunno. Feels okay. But I loooove AMOLED on my laptop - I wish I had it for my PC. But it costs a shitload, and I can't make myself spend such a pile of money on a monitor)
Hm... Did you compliment my hair? Huh. Well, I remember you doing that in a message - that's okay. If you did that during a video call, I had more pressing matters that demanded my attention) yeah, people do notice changes. Usually women say something. But I don't see people, so it's usually not a problem)) except for one of my friends. And my therapist does it every fucking time >_< I just don't like that sudden sense of being observed, you know?

Yeah, I like it that I don't need to explain to you how come I care about people but I don't like them much either) or maybe it'd be more correct to say I don't like being around them)
jsammons90
5:39 PM
That's interesting - I definitely heard it mentioned as that celebration from people in the US. Yeah, I think it was just because my sister kept trying to push it on me like I would love it and was surprised when I didn't. That and other people that said the same thing - I remember having the conversation about that show a few times over the years.

Yeah, I'm the only nerdy one in my family, I was the black sheep XD

Oh yeah, look at you Mrs. Posh, getting that massage booked for yourself. I could only afford it by coming to another country >.>

Oh yeah, I never saw the episode but came across that picture and it was seared into my brain. We obviously are very invested in the plot of these shows! There's actually a NSFW subreddit called watchitfortheplot, that's a fun subreddit to peruse. I remember Lost being huge as well, but I never watched it either. I did watch House though, really enjoyed it. I didn't see all of the episodes or how it ended, but I watched a good bit of it. Hugh Laurie really did a good job in that role I think.

Oh yeah, Xena! I remember watching Hercules first with Kevin Sorbo in the lead role and seeing Xena as well - I think Xena ended up spinning off of that Hercules show, but Lucy Lawless did a great job in it. I really enjoyed watching it as a kid. Unfortunately, it turns out that Kevin Sorbo is a big piece of shit - shame because I really loved watching that Hercules show as a kid.

David Attenborough has done a lot of animal documentaries, I'd be surprised if you didn't happen to encounter one at some point without realizing it. He's got a very distinct voice, very easy to listen to, and he seems to be a good human being.

I love astronomy stuff and learning about space as well and I've seen some of Neil deGrasse Tyson's stuff, but there in the last year or two, I saw some things that apparently he posted online that made me second guess about the guy? Dunno if they were real or not or what the posts were now, but it made me lose respect for him. Still, space is great, I love thinking about all of that out there and how insignificant we really are in the grand scheme of things.

Haha, you're definitely into documentary type stuff - that doesn't surprise me though since you seem to be a curious person as well. Watching something in person together, would be so much fun <3

Sorry, I was in work when I was writing that bit about humans and I actually agree with you - I think humans are social creatures too and work well with one another, but only in smaller groups when we know the other humans and form connections, like a tribe. Having cities full of people that you don't know and you don't interact with causes those connections to not form, so people don't care about the wider population, but rather their circles. Those circles can be wider than they realize too - like if they ended up finding out that someone is from their street or something like that, that circle widens a little to let that person in, because there's common ground. So, yeah, I think you hit the nail on the head with how I view it all too. Also, I don't think you got preachy, I love seeing you passionate about an ideal :)

Maybe that's the one I was thinking of.....was a dude driving a riding lawn mower or something like that with the missiles in tow? I really feel like that show I'm thinking of was the adaptation of that one.

Right, that's it for the moment, maybe more in a bit :)
jsammons90
5:54 PM
So, about prom, it is a big deal in high school, but I didn't go to mine - I decided to shun it as a waste of money. People spend all of this money to hire a suit, rent a limo or something, and I just saw it all as quite vapid and refused to participate in it. Was there something similar to prom for you? As for the rest of your  of school - I'd say that, unfortunately, it's nowhere near as fun as you're imagining XD

That book sounds really interesting! I can only imagine how fucked that society would be...but I guess with all of the religions in the world, I wonder how different it would really be? I suppose that there are plenty of people that already really believe in that stuff, so maybe it wouldn't be too different from what we have now?

Little sugar thingies....sugar cubes? Also, what the actual fuck with the kerosene? That's seriously fucked up....fortunately my mother wasn't into any of those remedies, BUT I do remember her making us literally wash our mouths out with a bar of soap if we used bad language. The soap tasted awful and we had to do it on more than one occasion as kids.
jsammons90
6:12 PM
Well, at the end of the day it IS just plugging numbers into an equation to figure it out, but the difficult part is getting the equation all figured out. Okay, did a quick search and found this really cool project for you: https://doc.freefem.org/tutorials/wifiPropagation.html

It uses coding to determine the Wi-Fi propagation in an area and gives a visual representation - it looks really cool :)

Ahhh yes, back to talking about the plot of these shows and movies. Focusing on all of the important parts, as expected! Well since they didn't have Rey walking around shirtless, I guess I was more focused on the story than you were XD Oh yeah, I remember being really excited for that Star Wars MMO - played the hell out of it. The story was actually quite good, but I think that something else came out at some point and I lost interest. It's actually a free to play game now where you can sub for more benefits. I played it for a bit again about 10 years ago.

Ohhhh yeah, of course, I don't know how I didn't think of Jar Jar! XD A lot of people didn't like the ridiculousness of the character I guess, they wanted a serious story and Jar Jar just took away from that. I would have to agree with people too I think, I want a thoughtful, morally difficult Star Wars story without slapstick comedy. As for Doctor Who, I've seen a small handful of episodes, definitely not enough to draw conclusions on different Doctors or companions though. Are you a big fan? :)
Wifi Propagation

doc.freefem.org

jsammons90
6:44 PM
Oh yeah, looking at it through someone else's perspective is very difficult and I don't think it can be done in the moment. I think it's quite healthy to realize that you're angry and that the other person is angry and agree to walk away, calm down, and process the issue/situation. I really like the example you gave about work where you would write it down - that gave you time and space to really think about the issue. And I know what you mean about it nearly being easier to do at work or something, and I think that's because people are more likely to take advantage of the situation of those close to them. They know that it will take a lot to push them away if you're really close with them, so you're more likely to just lash out because of that. It doesn't make it right and if you do it enough, then the person will leave, but I do think that relationships like that get taken for granted.

That's fucking awful that you were forced to kneel and grovel at one point - do you remember what the situation was and who forced that?
Aug 6
jsammons90
8:16 AM
As I was telling you earlier, I wasn't hurt at all. Speaking of love is a sensitive topic and I don't blame you for guarding yourself. I was feeling strong emotions for awhile, and I knew it to be love, but I wasn't sure how you would feel about me saying that either. I'm happy that you reciprocated it though :) I just want you to always feel safe with me, and I know that you've said before that you do, so I'm glad you felt safe enough to share that with me.

Hmmm, I don't know too many divorced fathers - just my own dad really, and my step-dad. My dad definitely wanted to be involved, my step-dad I guess keeps in contact with his sons? I never hear about them or anything like that - I don't think he was around much when they were growing up, but he's a pretty closed book too. How low the bar is for a father being involved in their child's life is infuriating -_-.

I don't remember sneaking out besides that time, but I didn't have to either since my mom was never there. I would just go to friends houses for prolonged amounts of time and they were typically all really laid back and chill with us. You were just doing the same things as the rest of us XD.

Hahaha, I've never heard that before in my life - where did you hear that? I can promise you that I've never jerked off with any of my friends and I don't know of any of them doing that together either. We have played strip poker in a group, but it was only because there were girls there too at the time and we all just wanted to see some boobs. >.>

Oh yeah, I fucking hated porridge when I was a kid and collard greens - it would have been like this without the meat: https://www.simplyrecipes.com/recipes/southern_style_collard_greens/
It was just so flavourless back then, but I'd eat it now - I don't mind it as an adult. I'm not a picky eater besides the whole vegetarian thing - I also eat porridge now. Did you ever end up eating the porridge/semolina as you got older? I think you told me that you don't eat breakfast, isn't that right? Just have some coffee?

I just got this mental  of me throwing water at my screen during our next video call in hopes that it will somehow wet your shirt and you'll have to take it off XD. That'd be oh so unfortunate if you had to go topless....I would probably have to take my shirt off too so that you wouldn't feel too out of place ;)

Oh, fuck, right, we're not doing that right now....right.....but....we could be? :) Maybe I should just save it for another video for you instead?

Well, we can definitely talk during sex, can't we? Moans and whatnot could probably be translated to some form of speech if we try hard enough!
Your stance on being tickled there is definitely noted. And you say your vanilla now, but I somehow doubt that would last long - I feel like you would corrupt me very quickly with your kinkiness.
Every other day....fuck me....that would be heaven. I want it so much!

If you ever get to see me in person, you'll have me as a mumbling mess from the second I set eyes on you - that I can assure you.

Hmmm, not really, no one that works there now. I do bitch to Kyle sometimes because he used to work there before he decided to up and retire from all of his stock money >.>

I think I have one by Asus and another by LG maybe right now? I've got two hooked up to my desktop anyways. One is a 4k monitor and the other is just 1080p. OLED is fucking awesome though, such nice, vibrant pictures from them. How much would one of those monitors cost for your PC?
Oh yeah, I complimented it over text back when you first got it cut - I didn't say it during the video call, so you didn't miss anything there. But, I get it, the attention is most definitely focused on you when someone does that and there's no denying it because they just said so. Do you think it would bother you if I complimented a change like that or would you not mind me observing you in that way?

Haha, yeah, I love that you get that too - birds of a feather :*
Kaktysshmanchik
10:31 AM
These are gonna make so much more sense when you get the message))


Kaktysshmanchik
4:23 PM
It's weird, you know, I don’t remember knowing many nerds when I was a kid. A few played video games, but no one played any TTRPGs or anything like that. But now it feels like nerds are everywhere. And the word itself has changed its meaning, becoming less degrading - in Russian too. Well, at least it feels like it was also somewhat offensive in English. Hm... Was it? And how is it these days?
But also, maybe the number of nerds has stayed the same, and I just choose nerdy people to keep around.

Yeah)) She's gonna massage the fuck out of me on Friday so that on the weekend I can negate her work by spending two days straight in a shrimp pose.

"Peruse"... Peruse. You know, it worries me that some of the words you use I’ve only ever seen in books - and some of those books are deeply literary) But at the same time, whenever it comes to swearing, you barely produce anything except for "fuck". Do you know that your primary purpose is to teach me to swear properly? >_>
Hugh Laurie is great) I also loved him in Jeeves and Wooster. He's adorably insufferable there. And Stephen Fry is in it too. Have you seen it?

I've never seen Hercules. But I googled it - the characters seem familiar. Maybe they used to show it here after all.
But how do you know who's okay and who's not? >_>
Do you research that kind of shit? Most of the time, I don't know what to think. So often, it's just words and accusations that lead nowhere - and I never know if it's because they were just empty words or because it's hard to prove anything.

Mm... No, I don't recognize Attenborough's voice. If I watched anything he made, it was dubbed into Russian, I guess. But also, here we had our own Attenborough - Nikolay Drozdov) Oh man... I had to go to google now to make sure I remembered correctly. I used to have an encyclopedia about various animals - 7 books. There were pictures! I don't remember much, but I do remember being terrified by some crabs - they looked so much like spiders. But I kept looking at them because the pictures were absolutely stunning.
Did you have any encyclopedias you liked?

Somehow, to me, Tyson is somewhere close to Stephen Hawking. Maybe because I found out about them pretty much at the same time. And I've read a few of their books one after another. Hawking is so hard to understand most of the time >_< Even when he tries to dumb it down.
How can you say we're insignificant?? We are creations of God almighty! We're it. He created the whole universe for us, you ungrateful brat >_>

We have such a long list of things we'd like to do together - one way or another) I never thought this was where a small reddit post would take me)

Okay... Agreed once again XD
What can you say about the cities themselves?
You've sent me pictures of Kildare - and it looks utterly cute. But most places I know are filled with these huge buildings, at least 9 storeys tall, but usually more. You know, those charming blocks of concrete and glass with the personality of stale bread. I guess it's nice to look out of your window at a nice view - if it's not blocked by an even taller building, that is. But frankly, I think they're somewhat intimidating. And there are always people rushing in and out >_<

No, babe) The missiles were launched by the military guys to break through the dome) But who knows what they might have added to the show) Were there a lot of people and animals sliced in half? >_> That was a huge deal in the book - King spent a stupid amount of time describing it. And in the TV show, they did that too. Poor cow((
Hm... How do you feel about animal cruelty in movies?

You were such a rebel XD How did your girlfriend feel about it, though? If you had one at the time, that is. I think I would've been very upset in that case.
But it doesn't look like prom here is as big a deal as it is in the US. Sure, people spend a stupid amount of money on it, but no limos) Mine wasn't too expensive. But I did save money on the dress - my mother made me one. She's good with a sewing machine. Hm... I'll try to find the least embarrassing picture.
And we had prom in 9th grade too - that's when some people decide to leave school and go to college.
And now I realize that my "college" and yours are different things. At least as far as I understand it. Just in case: here, school is 11 years. And you can go to uni or college after that. You can also apply for college after 9th grade. College is a way shittier place than uni. It's supposed to give you secondary specialized education (that's how google translates it...). Is there anything like that in the US or Ireland?

Oh no, that book was describing a world way worse than what we have now) It began with a process in which the accused person was judged based on visions, fortune-telling, and their astrological profile)
Hm... But now I remember all those stories where people don't get hired because their astrological sign is wrong. So... Yeah, you're more correct than I'd like to admit in this case.

Nah, not sugar cubes. Homeopaths use these tiny sugar pellets. Yeah... I loved those)
Well, kerosene was supposed to help) It didn't, but it surely left an impression)
I've only had to wash my mouth with soap once. Something tells me the method doesn't work too well... I dunno. It's just a hunch.
I did try eating soap, though - it smelled so tasty. And I have to admit it happened more than once. Have you ever tried it?)

Ooh, that's cool research. Actually, I didn't know that a Wi-Fi signal reflects off walls. It does make sense, though.
And I loved the visualization) That's useful as fuck. Hm... It would be more complicated if there were more than one floor, but still doable.

Yeah, I did play the Star Wars MMO. It was fine, I guess. Very different from other MMOs I'm used to - there are so many videos. And the voice actors were decent. But 10 years? That's dedication)
I don't like MMOs much these days( At some point, I got disappointed that you can't dodge projectiles, you know? It's kinda stupid that you can try to dodge an arrow or something, but it's gonna follow you until the hit lands >_<
Although, if I remember correctly, the Neverwinter MMO did have dodge mechanics. Did you play it? I loved it when it first came out. Hm... I might have to download it again sometime >_>
Still, there's a lot of grinding in MMOs. And not the good kind(

I guess our opinions on Star Wars differ because we watched it with different intentions) I wasn't interested in it at all when everyone else was into it. But I did watch it because I sorta wanted to belong) So, yeah... I'm waaay less picky)
Yeah, I love Doctor Who)) I've never seen the ancient episodes, though. Some seasons were way weaker than others, sure, but I love the show nonetheless)

Yeah, agreeing to walk away and take a breath sounds healthy. I don't remember ever trying it, though. When I'm already angry, it's all red and I'm not much in control. Although these days I’ve got much better at it with therapy and all that.
I like your point about being confident that the person you're in a relationship with won't leave. And there's no boss to intervene.
Hm... I suppose if issues aren’t allowed to lie around festering, it should be easier. Like, it wouldn't be surprising if you got livid at some point if I left a mug somewhere every fucking day for months and you hated the fuck out of it.
Although, can you always tell what exactly irritates you before it becomes too big to talk about calmly? I sometimes miss that stage.

M... It was my mother. I did something that got her upset, and there was a lot of yelling and all that. And then, yeah...
Actually, this bit is funny) My first husband made a more or less proper proposal. Getting down on one knee and all that. Fucking hell... How I freaked out... XD I was all like, "Get up, get the fuck up"))

Hm... Seems like this love thing went more or less like the flirting thing - both of us sitting there and guessing.
But yeah, it's scary to say "I love you". What if the other person doesn't? I guess then it'd be sooo fucking awkward for everyone. Nice environment for resentment - even if there was in fact a chance to build something.
That said... I did notice a lot of "love" in our messages lately. "Love talking to you, love your voice, love how you think" - all that stuff)
Were you worried I freaked out about the song?

Ah, yeah, okay. Here, it's different. Divorce is very common here.
Heh) Since the government is really interested in people having more children, they decided that people should divorce less - and they increased the divorce fee. It used to cost like $2, and now it's $50 or something. But... It's funny that divorced people usually have more kids. Like, they have one and settle on that number, then they split up, find a new partner - and they want another kid with their new partner. It'd make so much more sense to forcibly divorce people every decade or something))

Well, you sound like you were a great kid) Until you drop a story about breaking and entering, sneaking out, and such)

Yeah... I don't know where I've heard that one... I think I've read it somewhere. Hm. Something tells me it was a lie... It's a bit disappointing, really.
Strip poker doesn't count >_> Did you get to see boobs, though?)) I've been in companies where we played strip poker, but that never went beyond taking off socks) Then again, you warned me about foot fetishists, so I don't really know how much fun it was for some)

I don't know what collard greens are, puppy)) But I do feel for little Jonathan) That looks rather miserable.
Yeah, porridge is mostly fine for me these days. Not semolina, though. Ugh. I'm deeply traumatized))
Yeah, I just can't eat breakfast. Most mornings, I have a hard time finding the will to live, so) But I can be persuaded to have some chocolate >_>

M... You could try to make me laugh when I take a sip of water) That might work)
I don’t think I’d mind taking my shirt off on a video call for you. Well, at least that’s how I feel now. And the thought is so fucking exciting... But I don’t think I’m ready to go much further than that yet)

Oh my))) Yeah... The video... Oh my)))

Well, I can’t promise any sort of schedule now, but I’d like to surprise you with a picture or a VM once in a while))

Yeah, I don't know how you live like that >_> I have a chat called Rat Queens - the one with the girls I've been telling you about. And we also have a slightly bigger one - with carefully picked people from several teams)

Ooh, someone's fancy. Mine is 27", 2k. LED shit. Still better than what I had before, so. It's $200 today.
But yeah... If I try for something like yours... That's gonna be $900 for the 4K one. >_> And I'd need to buy a GPU too.
Why do you need two monitors? Is it for work?

If you said something out loud, I'd be so fucking awkward) But I won't be angry. Yet. >_>
I know people mean well, so I usually don't snap at them)

Now. I want to know this. What do you think you do that would potentially irritate me?)
I can go first)
My desk gets littered with random shit during the day. You know, paper, candy wrappers, that kind of shit. I just can't be arsed to throw it out during the day - it's easier to collect everything in the evening.
I sometimes want to go out, but I don't know what I want to do exactly, and I hate all the options.
Considering your Google Drive... I love throwing things out. I'm trying to be more or less minimalist (I never succeed), so I try not to buy things I don't actually need, and I get rid of old stuff frequently. You wouldn't touch yours, though. But I definitely would stare at it, judging.
I talk a lot when I watch movies.
And I need a lot of handholding when it comes to new places. I can go alone, obviously, but then I need everyone to know exactly how miserable I am.
Otherwise, I'm a delight, obviously.

Aug 8
jsammons90
5:49 AM
Since I can't respond on Discord, I just wanted to let you know I made it to Istanbul :)

Kaktysshmanchik
9:42 AM
Aw, it's so sweet) I didn't expect it. Thank you, pup :* good to know

jsammons90
10:11 AM
I wanted to try and reply to your Reddit message on my work laptop, but I can't connect to the airport WiFi on it :/
Kaktysshmanchik
10:13 AM
It's okay, babe) how's everything? You okay?
jsammons90
10:13 AM
.....undried....68 points.....okay, that's what we're doing here, I see...
Kaktysshmanchik
10:14 AM
Hehe)) I'm gonna go to get my massage now - you have time to come up with some absolutely ungodly word)
jsammons90
10:15 AM
Yeah, I'm okay - just ready to be finished travelling at this point. Another couple of hours of waiting before the last flight. I finished all of the available episodes of Vox Machina though, I'm sad I don't have anymore to watch.

Oooo, nice! Enjoy your massage! 😘
Kaktysshmanchik
10:58 AM
Ah... I'm feeling like a human being again)) a very oily human being)
Ya know, it's very unfortunate you don't know your way around banned stuff - I've sent you some shit on discord. Oh well...
M... It's not what you're thinking about though>_>

Did Vox Machina end or does it feel like there's gonna be more seasons?
jsammons90
11:23 AM
Well, the wait here just got even more painful with these new s that I now have 😆

Yeah, I don't have a VPN on my phone since I never needed it, just on my PC for torrenting.

Nah, one more season that'll be out in 2028 I think...and it ended on a cliff hanger. I suppose I could just go watch critical roll though!
I'm glad you enjoyed your massage though. I do wish I was the one giving it to you though >.>
Kaktysshmanchik
11:34 AM
Aw, I'm sorry. Do those s bother you much?)

Ugh... Seems like I'd have to wait till 2028 to return to Vox Machina. I don't like to wait for the next episode and usually wait for the full release.

Babe... Something tells me a massage from you would be rather different from what I just got.
jsammons90
11:53 AM
Mmhmmmm. 😆😘

Yeah, I was really disappointed when I looked it up after finishing season 4. Gonna be painful waiting that long for the conclusion.

Whaaaat? I'll have you know that I can be quite the professional.
Walking through the airport reminds me how much I dislike people 😬
You're kicking my ass right now.
Kaktysshmanchik
11:58 AM
Ugh... Yeah, I know the feeling, pup. I'm sure I'd be panicking in an airport like a proper numpty. It'll be over soon, though)

Yeah... Undied was a very fortunate move)
jsammons90
12:00 PM
I feel like fetus should have given more than 8 points 😂

Yeah, I'm standing at my gate now while I wait for them to start boarding.
Kaktysshmanchik
12:05 PM
You know, I've been picking at your accent. You do have some. Like I said, your e in end, mental and such. And the rhythm. That "sounds lazy, but actually not". I wonder if the accent was more noticeable when you lived in the US.

Yeah, 8 points feels unfair>_>
jsammons90
12:08 PM
Hmm, yeah, it was probably more noticeable back then. I would imagine my accent has changed a good bit over the years and probably changes a bit depending on the person I'm talking to. More Irish when talking to an Irish person or more American for an American.
Kaktysshmanchik
12:10 PM
32 points for zen..............

Anyways, I had a lot of fun researching) went to bed at 3 am again - got sucked in a bunch of videos about different accents
Mm... Nice word)
jsammons90
12:13 PM
You're supposed to be reclaiming your sleep! 😂

I thought you'd like that word 😉
Any other interesting insights about accents that you learned?
Kaktysshmanchik
12:19 PM
Yeah, well, I was missing you - I started listening to your VMs - ended up in a rabbit hole.

You know, I'm not usually into oral. But... You make the prettiest sounds - and that seems to be the easiest way to extract them from you, so I think about it quite a lot. Besides, your... Er... Equipment looks really appealing, so...

Anyways.... I don't think I learned a lot, but I got to understand some things better)

jsammons90
12:25 PM
That's so sweet 🥰

Well, we'd definitely have to test and see how much we both enjoy it I think....something tells me we'd both rather like it.
Kaktysshmanchik
12:34 PM
It's really weird to chat with you during the day))
But at least we seem to be as filthy at this time as ever.

When do you think you'll land in Ireland?
Ugh... Just saw news - in some European countries they edit classical literature, making it more PC. That's so weird. They're trying to erase racism, fat phobia, etc.
That's fucked up. Yeah, let's pretend it never happened>_<
Aug 18
jsammons90
2:49 PM
Well this is certainly strange to come back to after all this time! I think the popularity of things like the Marvel movies has definitely helped people be more okay with showing their nerdiness. It's great that it's so accepted these days - maybe the big push in tech work and shift away from blue collar work has also attributed to the change?

I really need to come up with some inventive insults to teach you, let's see....what about: Jizz guzzling cum dumpster? Or, shit for brains? I just realized that I don't insult people that much and am finding this quite difficult XD
Never heard of Jeeves and Wooster! I'll have to look it up :)

Ah, I just end up seeing shit about people on Reddit. Kevin Sorbo has put up a lot of posts on social media talking about how great Trump is and stuff, the tosser >.>
I'll give the benefit of the doubt to people, until I see them saying the words themselves.

Those pictures are awesome! I love detailed pictures like that. Actually, books with a lot of information in them like that are my favorite. There's a series I used to love as a kid, eyewitness books I think it was called, where they would have pictures of historical items and provide information on them. I have a few downstairs :)

Fuck, I know, I'm so ungrateful. Here, let me go ahead and lie down and become fertilizer for the worms....I mean, go to heaven and be with the almighty creator >.>
I love learning stuff about space, and this channel has great videos about interesting topics (not just space related): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cyl3X88KEgg

Would you prefer to live in a city or a country side?

It's funny, for whatever reason, the only scene I remember from the show/movie/whatever it was, was the dude on a lawnmower or something pulling a trailer with a bomb. That's it. Guess it must have scared me as a kid or something. Animal cruelty doesn't bother me in movies since I know it's all fake - I can easily separate the feelings I have from a movie to those of real life. Real life though, no way, don't wanna hurt our little friends :/

Oh, I was dating Clair at the time and she was doing the online school thing, so she wouldn't have known anyone and didn't care. I can't remember if we did anything instead...if it would have mattered to someone else, then I would have made the effort I think. Oh, yes! I'm still waiting for this prom picture of you :)
Oh, interesting - so it sounds like college there might be to learn a trade or something along those lines? Everyone goes to school for the same length of time in Ireland/US and you do it until you finish.

What the fuck do you mean that washing your mouth out with soap doesn't work? Do you still see me fucking cursing like a fucking sailor or not? Fucking hell...fuckity fuck fuck. Fuck. Okay, it's out of my system now.
Making notes here to never purchase soap that smells edible around you XD. What scent was the soap that you tried?

I feel that MMOs are a bit dated now too - you should be able to dodge attacks and stuff like that. Never played the Neverwinter MMO though, sounds interesting. The grind is always the worst part though. I still remember grinding my first character to 60 in vanilla WoW, it felt like such and accomplishment!

I think when resentment starts to build in a relationship, it's because people have stopped talking. I'd like to think that we'd discuss any issues that we'd have with each other and handle them well. I'm curious what will inevitably turn into a heated exchange between us?

Oh yeah, I was worried that the song probably freaked you out a bit, didn't know how you'd take it. Looking back at this message, it's funny to see how we've both fully leaned into the love now! :)

So, AI tells me this about the cost of divorce in Ireland:
"A divorce in Ireland typically costs between €2,000 and €5,000 per person for an uncontested (consent) case, while a contested divorce involving property, custody, or financial disputes regularly ranges from €7,500 to over €20,000 per person. Court filing fees are a minor part at €130, meaning solicitor and expert fees drive the total cost."
Yay....

Oh yeah, I saw the boobs - mission was accomplished, high-fives all around. You obviously got some man/woman very aroused with taking off your socks, and you were oblivious the whole time >.>

I have two monitors just so I can have info up on one and the game on the other. Or watch something on one while I play something. I actually use it with Tarkov with Kyle, too. He'll stream and I'll stream so that we can see what the other person can see since there's no markers or anything like that in that game. I'm surprised that you don't have two monitors.

As for your desk clutter during the day, I do the exact same, my dear. I have my collection of cups, orange peels, cereal bowl, and just tidy up when I'm done for the day. Pretty hilarious that we do the exact same thing - so it wouldn't irritate me at all.
As for going out, the exact same - just a walk or something would suffice for me.
And again, I love throwing things out and not having random shit laying around....it's actually getting a little scary how similar we are with a lot of this stuff. Don't let my Google Drive fool you, I just don't both organizing that since I don't typically use it.
Also, I have no problem holding your hand going places - I get anxious about it, too. I like to know what to expect and everything and the thought of not knowing can paralyze me at times.
Aug 19
Kaktysshmanchik
11:54 AM
Yeah... I forgot what we were talking about)

Yeah, I guess, Marvel did something for us. Ugh... That reminds me of a colleague, who once gave me a lecture about how stupid Marvel movies are. I listened to the whole thing and told him that Captain America, Loki, and Thor are hot, so...
BTW, how do you feel about Tom Holland? Many people hate him here. But I like him. And I think the fact he looks young helps too - he's supposed to be a kid.
Oh, yeah, popularity of tech work helps a lot too)) I mean, yesterday you were bullying your classmate, and today he's buying a new flat in a good neighborhood - that changes perspective)

"Jizz guzzling cum dumpster" XD yeah, okay, this is a new one))) I think, I've heard "shit for brain" somewhere... Although you'd have to actually use them for me to pick up) I already picked up your "sweet". More or less. And I think I try to copy your pronunciation. Not on purpose >_>

M... I dunno... Reddit is a huge dumpster without editors, fact-checkers. No accountability whatsoever. Also, popular comments and posts get boosted regardless of how true they are.
But if someone posts something themselves... Yeah, that's rather telling))

I googled eyewitness books - pretty! So you like encyclopedias? I have a veeeery cool one. But it lies under a huge pile of books, so I'm gonna just send you a link instead of pictures)) Although, I have a Russian edition.
https://hungryminds.com/products/the-book?srsltid=AfmBOooFHSxR5YuTS-SQXp0tou2ZwzwMjpy9ttBSu5OVo5JyM-rkgtmX

Hm... I'm not sure how good of a fertilizer you'd be, love >_> I mean, people are buried in synthetic clothes and in a lacquered box... Not very eco friendly.
Your link reminded me about Outer Wilds. Have you played it? https://store.steampowered.com/app/753640/Outer_Wilds/
The channel is rather cool though)

>>Would you prefer to live in a city or a country side?
This question looked as if came out of nowhere))
I don't think I care that much. I know I don't like tall buildings, noise, and too many people around. And I suspect I'm gonna own dogs till the day I die - there should be a place to walk them) Oh, and infrastructure should be good enough - I don't want a trip for groceries to turn into two-hour journey) I live in a countryside now - can't complain)
What's your poison then? Not too many people around, I guess)

I can't take animal cruelty in movies >_< And torture of any kind. I used to push through - to prove I'm cool or whatever. But lately I usually skip such scenes or close my eyes if I'm watching it with someone else))

Oh fuck... I looked through my prom pictures and hated them all. I was hoping you won't notice I hadn't send you them))
Yeah, you got Russian colleges right) I've been to college - even managed to graduate. I'm a certified manager >_<

>>What the fuck do you mean that washing your mouth out with soap doesn't work?
XD
You know, lately I'm into unscented soap and all that. But I think it was watermelon. And something flowery)

We're gonna have to try Neverwinter together then)) There's not much grind at first - for quite some time it's very entertaining.
If I remember correctly, you had a paladin in WOW? What build?

The problem is that you can miss the moment when resentment starts building. At least I can - I'm very detached from my emotions. Well, from any discomfort. I'm getting better at registering it though)
I suppose, there's this problem: I get angry really fast - you tend to withdraw from conflict - that kind of thing makes me even more angry. Maybe time to cool off could help, like you said. Or something like that.

WTF??? Yeah... And I thought Ireland is all paradise... That's fucked up. I guess, for some people it means no divorce. Fucking hell... Is it their attempt to make people stay married?
Add to it starting a new household. And some need therapy too.

Awwww!))) So you do that "playing on the same couch" thing with Kyle?) That's adorable
I reeeally don't know why I'd need two monitors) I know how to use Alt+tab, ya know?

Babe... We should find something that makes us different. This is obscene.
Aaaand you messaged me in Discord, so fuck this - coming there))

