Your pictures are brilliant! Nice work on everything, I'm very impressed with your craftiness. You must be a creative type that's good at making things like this if you can make that. Because of the horns that you made for your sorceress, have you ever done any cosplay costumes or anything like that? I really like all the mood lighting, too!

That's a good point about things just becoming normal in the country that you're in. I think I've heard/seen Olivier salad before....I don't think it looked too appealing. I'm not a picky eater either - I'm vegetarian, but just by choice. I grew up eating meat and everything, still think it tastes nice too - but just don't feel like things have to die for me. No problem if other people want to eat meat either - to each their own. Do you have any food quirks? I have never heard of this dachas - I'm just imagining some farmers in Russia planting shit loads of cucumbers each year and each year being confused as to why they planted so many and what a waste it was.

I love chatting to people from different cultures - I end up learning so much. I had never heard of Pushkin until now and was just reading a Wikipedia page on him - very interesting!

Oh, just off the top of my head for Ireland - leprechauns, potatoes, and Guinness. There's a stereotype that the Irish love to drink, but a lot of pubs have slowly been going out of business over the years because people are drinking less and less. Funnily enough, a lot of people have suddenly started going to saunas instead of the pub - so that's probably a win for society. As for America, I can think of red necks (dumb people in rural areas), guns, big trucks - stuff like that. All of that is mostly just the South though - I'm used to seeing plenty of all of that. One thing that I never really thought of though, and people in Ireland mentioned, was customer service in the US was always so good and people were really nice and accommodating. Funny about the smiling, I like to smile and I'll do a little hello smile to people as I walk past here. Some people are friendly and will smile back, but I feel that the majority don't. Another stereotypical Russian thing that I've seen is when a Russian person is depicted, they look quite gloomy and don't say much - I don't think I've ever seen a Russian person portrayed as happy.

Haha - I knew that the gay-gun would work....you're welcome....I think? Once you're happy! Oh yeah, Jasmine was fine in Aladdin too - definitely had a crush on her. Biggest crush I can think of from when I was a kid was probably Milla Jovovich as Lee Loo in The Fifth Element - have you ever seen it? I used to watch that movie on repeat as a kid. Oh yeah, Scott Pilgrim vs. the World where Mary Elizabeth Winstead acted as Ramona Flowers - something about women with colorful hair is just so hot. Did you have any others other than Aladdin?

Aaaaaaaand my ignorance is showing again - I thought I put that away. XD Interesting to hear about everything from someone living in the society, ya know? Funny that Putin just inherited the fixes, right place at the right time. Seems like that happens a lot - I've certainly seen it in the States as well. So, you said that the USSR was trying to build socialism - is Russia a socialist country now then, or would it be categorized differently? Do you live in Moscow yourself, or in another city?

KISS - Keep It Simple Stupid. I hate when things are overly complicated for no reason like the US voting system. It sounds like you're about as hopeful for reform and change as I am currently. Is there the semblance of any rumblings of change or anything over there? There's a subreddit that I follow called r/50501 where they're always putting up protests and stuff going on in the states against ICE (basically immigration police) which gives me some hope, but I think way too many are just complacent.

That's amazing about that publishing company with the QR codes - so rare to see companies do something nice for the people purchasing their items! I wish that they had something like that here. I didn't HAVE to buy those books really for Roll20, they just make life easier. Two of the guys in the group aren't very familiar with the D&D systems, so by me buying the books, it makes it easier for them to level their characters up and stuff because they can access everything in Roll20. Otherwise, you can do it manually on your character sheet, but I think they found it a bit confusing/intimidating. Yeahhh, TTRPGs are really expensive to get started. At least once you have the books, you're sorted unless you ever decide to change versions. It's just all of the other extra stuff then, like you mentioned - dice, minis, maps, etc. Your dice comment had me laughing, I love buying dice too. Unfortunately, I lost my big bag of dice when we moved :(. I can't figure out where it ended up, but I have a feeling that it may have been thrown out by accident. It makes me really sad and I'd like to get more, but there's really no point right now since I don't have anyone to play in person with.

I think the closest that I've gotten to props would be some notes and stuff that I created for players and uploaded into their journals in Roll20. It's nothing fancy, I'll upload a couple after I finish replying though :). Oh, just realized after re-reading that you mentioned my players making any props. Nah, my buddy that's the Bard is definitely the most into it. The other two are definitely just more along for the ride. I could see them getting more invested as we keep playing though. They're pretty new to TTRPGs.

Wow, I had no idea that the music and vocals were AI - I never would have guessed unless you told me. I'm the same, I'm not really a fan of AI being used for art and stuff since it's basically just using available information to create stuff from other peoples work. Crazy how good it's getting at replicating stuff though. Hahaha - yeahhhhh, I wanted to drive the point home. Elsa, the barmaid, ended up kinda taking over the pub and taking the boy in. Haven't really done anything else with it, I should probably sprinkle in some more hints of childhood trauma and depression in, just to make them feel worse :D!

Fortunately, bullying is really tolerated here. I don't think it's a way to toughen people up or anything like that - I think it's a form of lashing out from people that have been hurt/bullied at home. No one in Maebh's class has been a bully or anything like that yet, but there are definitely kids that go around causing trouble in the area. There's a playground across the street from our house where some teenagers like to go and hang out and fuck with other kids. There's been a few reports to the Gardai (police), but kids are really protected from any sort of repercussions here. The parents of the kids have been approached about it and don't care either, so nothing is being done at home. You see the same stuff in Dublin as well, and the bullying is usually all racism. Part of me thinks that the kids just need to get the shit kicked out of them for a bit of respect, but then I know that they're probably lashing out due to lack of care at home really. I don't think people are inherently bad, it's just what I said in a previous message - hurt people, hurt people :/. It's nice to hear that there's acknowledgement and awareness there about it too. Do you think it's a growing trend with awareness or has it always been pretty much the same?

Right?! I don't understand what people expect to get out of yelling at a bot....I see people asking to speak to a human, and the bot will ask for a name and email address to transfer them, and they'll just refuse to give the information and will instead ask to speak to a human. It goes into this loop between the two until the human just gets fed up and disconnects. It's just bizarre to me. I've never really gotten onto the AI train to be honest. There's a few things that put me off - one is the impact that it all has on the environment. I see some of the stupid shit that people generate and all I can think about is the water wasted in data centers and stuff to produce it.....also how all of these tech company CEO's and stuff just try to cram it down everyone's throat. Then there's also artists losing jobs and basically having work stolen - there's just a lot that rubs me the wrong way. Also how it's not AI, it's all LLM's. When I was in college, we spoke about AI and what would qualify as it, and now they've just moved the bar to calling that another form of AI, the exact name is escaping me at the moment. I wonder why you wouldn't feel safe using an AI created and owned in Russia (joking obviously - I know damn well why)? Sierra seems fine - it pulls information correctly a lot of the time and gives good information, but it's funny how often people just dismiss the correct answers to speak with a human instead!

Yeah, that woman was really something else. I think she just woke up that morning looking to fight with someone. Fuck, what a weird creepy guy just wanting to scare women. I wonder if they ever ended up just blocking that dudes number or something. Makes you wonder as well what happens to a person in their life for them to want to do that in their free time, ya know? Ha! I love it when misogynists get put in their place. I hate the way people will assume that a woman won't know how to do something or isn't capable, just because they have a vagina. Sounds like you had a good supervisor then :). The story about password resets reminds me of plenty of cases in Docusign about authentication changes coming or SSO cert renewals happening. For the auth change, we were changing our API auth from a pretty basic base64 encrypted password to OAuth 2 and we had started warning people about 3 years in advance. Fast forward 3 years, tons of people applying for extensions and saying that we never warned them -_-. Same with SSO certs when they expire - we typically start making people aware a few months before hand, but there are always people the end up locked out of their account because they failed to update their certs. Well, if I were to ever have to live in Russia, it sounds like Yekaterinburg is the place for me XD!

Yeahhh, the whole Geek Squad thing....people would actively walk up for help and make fun of you right before they ask you to fix something....you really had to temper your words to not tell people to go fuck themselves at times!

Kinda crazy when you stop to think about it at times, huh? I can't believe I've been in Ireland for 12 years, Docusign for 11 now....it really does feel like the months just fall off the calendar these days. You're being smart to not go moving around I think, might as well enjoy what you have, once you're not miserable that is. Honestly? I'd probably just play games or do D&D....actually see friends in person again. Yeah, definitely miss that - I don't have any friends living in Ireland now. My oldest friend, who's like a brother to me, lives in the US still. My other friend that I still talk to most days, the Bard in our party, funnily enough he's from the States too, met him in Ireland, but he lives in France with his wife now. I used to go over to their place with my PC back when they lived in Dublin and we'd hang out and have game sessions....I miss that. So yeah, I would definitely just like to hang out with people in person again if money was no object. Maybe do a bit of traveling and stuff - go check out Japan again. Oh! I'd finally be able to take up blacksmithing. I did a day course a couple of years ago where you forge a knife - I still have the knife - I'll send a picture of it. But I really loved it. I want to get a forge and anvil and stuff setup, but money is just tight right now. I like yours too - do you ever do anything writing now? Short stories? Poems? Sorry - that just reminded me of an Irish writer who does a podcast every Wednesday, really interesting guy. He wears a bag over his head to protect his identity, calls himself Blind Boy - https://open.spotify.com/episode/3gWePWV8A5OtNeh8PNJBjD. I think you might enjoy it?

You and I are the exact same. No ceremony here, if I could, I'd just roll out of bed and head over to the PC. Instead, a typical morning is my alarm goes off at 7 and I get up with the kids. Get them breakfast, get them dressed, make their snacks for the day, unload/load the dishwasher, and help get Tadhg out the door. Then after Tadhg and Joanna are gone, I walk Maebh to school. Walk back home and finally get some breakfast for myself before starting work! I dig your style. Are you a morning person at all?

Ahhhh, gotcha - that was really forward thinking of them to get you started earlier. Do you think it's made a difference for you at all career wise or anything? Also, do you have any brothers or sisters?

Oh yeah, I'd definitely be down to game some time! Anything in particular that would tickle your fancy? Do you use something other than Discord for chatting typically? Might be hard to find a good time for both of us - speaking about GMT +0, that's around the time everyone is arriving home and I'm making dinner and getting everything ready for them (even though I don't finish work until 6:30 PM). The kids are usually in bed around 8PM, but it can take awhile for them to settle at times. Maybe we could give it a shot this evening? Once I have the kids in bed, I should be okay to jump on for a bit. I know you're a few hours ahead too, so I want to be conscious of your time. Weekends are hard for me too - I usually play games every other Friday night after the kids are in bed. If it wasn't for playing games during working hours, I would really have very little time to play to be honest. Also, my wife doesn't know that I play games at work, sooooo that makes it a bit difficult when she's around lol.

Fucking imperialism, man. People coming in and trying to totally conquer a people, including wiping away their identity via their languages and cultures - it's screwed up. Haha, I still spell things the American way mostly too. I've adopted a lot of the British English version of things though, like Aubergine instead of Eggplant. I've really noticed your fondness with some of those words - like mate, bloke, stuff like that. I'm not familiar with gegging, let me see what that is.....hahaha, I love it. Can't believe I haven't heard that one yet. One that you'll hear a lot in Ireland is craic (spoken like crack). You would see someone and say, "Any craic?", which would mean like, "Anything going on?" or "Any news?". You'll also hear the Irish say, "Come here to me" which means "listen to this" or "Go away!" which means "I don't believe you!" XD.

I did try to learn Japanese at one point because I was in love with Japan and really wanted to move there when I was younger, but I didn't get very far into learning it. Besides that, I've just picked up a few words from a few different places, like Spanish or German, just simple words though. I like to try and pick up a few basic words for a place if I'm going there - I think the local people appreciate it when a foreigner tries to use the language a bit and I think it's a kind thing to do. I took a few nights of beginner classes of Irish, but I got busy and didn't get to do more. I really need to try and sign-up again, because Maebh's homework is all in Irish and everything; I'm learning when I help her, but it's hard to help her in a language that I'm not fluent in! I have a 'coupla focal' (few words in Gaelic). Is there any other language that you'd really like to learn? Also, do you like to travel or get to travel much?

You're absolutely right there - the basic concept pretty much stays the same. Loops, If/Else/Then, objects, all that stuff. Once you have a basic understanding of what's what, it's mostly just learning what the language is capable of and the syntax for the language. Do you still do much coding or anything now?

It's crazy what a difference a teacher can make. I always liked maths in school, up until high-school where I got the same teacher a couple of years in a row. I don't know what it was, but I just couldn't do well in her class. I did the homework, participated in class, but then would fail the tests. I blame her, it made no sense to me. A lot of people didn't like that teacher, to the point where some students when and paint-balled her house one night. That's awesome about your short story! Was the award anything cool? I also did engineering in high-school and that teacher, Ms. Brooks, was really nice. Kids tormented that poor woman though...I remember her breaking down and just crying in her office one day. She was really nice and lax, and kids took advantage of that :/.

Haha, that perspective of American schools sounds a lot like the perspective that I've heard about Chinese schools - that they're super competitive and stuff! Nah, at least when I was in school, people shared homework and test answers all the time - nobody was uptight about any of that. Kids typically looked out for one another, once you got along reasonably well. There were definitely divides amongst who spent time with who though. You had the preppy kids (rich kids), nerdy kids, black kids, goth/emo kids, and sporty kids. Everyone mostly sat within their groups for the most part, but there wasn't too much fighting or anything like that. I was always hanging out with people in the nerdy or goth/emo groups. Also, my high school looked more like a prison with chain linked fences and everything around it. I know some school as well have metal detectors to check for weapons on the way in, but mine didn't. What was it like for you when you were in school?