Huh. You know, here no one talked about it as a celebration of nerd culture. It was just another sitcom. Although I still liked the references. In any case, I didn’t realise it hit such a personal nerve for you. I guess I just never thought of the characters as nerds. For me, they were just these weird people doing some of the same things I liked doing too)
Are you the only nerd in your family?
Yeah, you and your posh life sorta inspired me to message my massage therapist and book an appointment. So you’re not alone in feeling ancient))
Hah)) You know, I don’t remember the mermaid costume at all) I had to google it, and apparently it was in one of the episodes I’d seen. But I’d never paid that much attention to the costume) You know, I actually appreciate the tit scales. I expected her to wear shells like Ariel.
Hm. I think I already mentioned Smallville... I know peak cinema when I see it - the two of us are great critics, focusing on important bits. I think people were really into Lost, but I’ve never seen it. And I watched House MD waaaay later, along with Supernatural.
Ooh! Xena! She was a big thing here. Mostly because of her blonde friend, though(( But I liked the show. Xena was really cool. I wanted to be like her.

David Attenborough... I don’t really know his work, but his face looks vaguely familiar.. >_>
Death of a Game - funny enough, one Russian games journalist does something pretty similar)) I don’t know if he stole the idea or if it’s just a fairly obvious format)
Were you ever interested in astronomy? I adore Neil deGrasse Tyson! Hm. And I’m subscribed to a guy who talks about biology and genetics. In Russian, though. Oh, and a philology lady. And another woman who talks about feminism. And a guy who’s into literature.
Hm... okay, apparently I’m into documentaries))
Remember we were thinking about watching something together? It could be some light documentary, yeah? That could be fun... Fuck, I wish we could do it together-together. Tangled in each other and all that. That would be so wonderful.

I don’t agree with all of what you said about humans, though. Yeah, the social contract is important, but it’s not something entirely forced upon us. We’re social animals - we’re supposed to cooperate and do shit together, care for each other. And you can look at actual animals and see that they do it too. It’s not something manufactured by humans for humans. Ours is just much more vast and tangled.
Here’s an example: https://youtu.be/HEvO5SBiv6k?si=b7j7Ze8QmJXyOiGy
I think part of the problem is that we’re expected to include too many people in our social circle. We’re expected to give a fuck about at least the city we live in - and its people. I think that’s too much for brains wired to live and cooperate within a small tribe. Everyone outside the tribe is an outsider. The Other. And our brains can stop treating them as fully human.
Yeah, I’d like to think I would’ve done something too. But that’s just a pretty picture in my head.
Ugh... I got rather preachy there >_< You’re welcome to argue with me, though) I dare you))

M... no... There isn’t a nuke in Under the Dome. There are missiles, though. And a gas explosion. It was adapted for TV, and I fucking hated it XD they got everything wrong, and the acting was shit. That’s a shame, though. It could’ve been a great show.

You know, every time you mention your school, I keep imagining something from an American movie) You know, a strict hierarchy, everyone fucks everyone, someone’s always high, and someone’s throwing a huge party because their parents went on a business trip. Oh, and there should be at least one makeover. And a prom king and queen. Prom is a huge deal, apparently. Classes are optional, though.
“After the initial spookiness wore off, the couple started to take comfort in the image.” XD Hahahah))) That was perfect)) I can’t say I’ve had the privilege of knowing people like that. Well, I can imagine some of my classmates being fooled by something like that, but none of them ended up on telly.
We do have plenty of stories like that here, though) People finding Jesus in a leaking ceiling, a cracked wall, a puddle - you name it. Oh... There’s a book about a society that accepted all of that as truth, along with astrology, homeopathy and other nonsense. It’s a pity it wasn’t translated into English >_<
Hm... Have I told you my mother is into homeopathy?) Thank fuck I was never sick with anything really serious. But she did give me those little sugar thingies. I didn’t mind, though - they were sweet)

Speaking of medicine... Half of my friends went through something similar, and another one had heard the stories, so now I’m wondering whether this was ever a thing in the US.
Whenever I was sick, a sore throat was a real bitch for me. Still is. And once my mother heard about a supposed solution. So one day she swabbed my throat with kerosene. Fucking hell... The taste... The smell... I can still remember it XD
Were you tough enough to survive any traditional home remedies and come out the other side unchanged?))

Well, how hard can calculating it really be? You know the distance, you know the materials - the rest is just maths. >_>
It will go wrong, though. Somehow. Such things always do.

Babe... Kylo Ren was hot there - dark, conflicted, with a chance to change. That’s all that matters. Focus on the important things. Gods... The plot... Of course you’d be interested in the plot.
Yeah, truth be told, I don’t remember anything you mentioned from the movie)) I was a bit distracted.
But the way you talk about it reminds me of how I think about books. That’s more or less my review of the Green Creek series. With a lot more gay sex, though - hence more exciting. But yeah, I’d hate convenient plot turns like that so much... I get it.
Have you played the Star Wars MMO? The one BioWare made?

The funny alien was Jar Jar Binks)) I completely forgot his name >_< I found him charming when I watched the movie, but apparently people hate him for some reason((
Huh... I didn’t know Star Trek was still alive either...
By the way, have you seen Doctor Who? If you have, who’s your favourite Doctor? Or companion)

That can be hard, though - taking the other person’s perspective into account. Especially when both of you are angry as fuck.
I liked how we handled it in my previous team. Say I came across something I didn’t like and knew who was responsible. I’d gather examples and write down what I thought would be a better way to do it. Maybe I’d even offer several options. Or just bring the general vibes if I didn’t know what the actual solution was.
Well... I’d do all that right after raging at my monitor and telling it everything I thought about that person)) But then I’d bring it to them and explain the problem.
And if someone came to me with something like that... First, I’d yell at the monitor, obviously. And then we’d discuss it. Usually everyone was happy to change the way we worked - the suggestions were always more or less solid and made everyone’s life easier.
I guess the word “team” is doing a lot of heavy lifting here. That mindset might be harder to bring into a relationship because there isn’t a visible project you’re both working on. The relationship itself is the project, but that’s much harder to define. At least for me.

Hm... Also, a late thought. I think fear of being reprimanded stops people from being sensible during a conversation. It can feel as though, if you lose the battle, you lose more than that - you’re expected to grovel and give up your self-respect along with your status as an equal. Even if only for a little while.
I was once made to kneel and ask to be forgiven. I don’t remember what it was about, but I don’t think it was anything major. So I suppose it makes sense that apologizing and losing an argument can still feel like humiliation to me, even when nobody is actually asking me to grovel.
I’m immensely grateful for how you reacted when I told you I’d lied about the song. I half expected you to be angry or hurt. You didn’t sound angry, but I still wonder whether it hurt you. You’ve shown me over and over again how level-headed you are, and that made it much easier to be honest with you.

But do fathers generally want to be involved with their children after a divorce? I see that very rarely here. A man merely existing near his own child gets “awwww” and “you’re the best father, your wife should be grateful” - even if said child is chewing on their second serving of dirt at the time. >_<

Well, why wouldn’t it be nonchalant?) It’s not like meeting his new girlfriend was a big deal unless she wanted us to get to know each other. She didn’t, so it all went perfectly))

Omg... So naive)) but also very endearing) it was a good sign that you trusted him. Even if that particular adventure wasn't something I'd advise the little Jonathan to participate in)
I don't think I actually sneaked out even once. I didn't see the point - there were all sorts of things to do during the day, and I didn't know what to do outside alone at night. Although when I hit 15 or something... Not that I sneaked out. I just was coming home too often too late. Too drunk. And when there was no one at home... Fuck me... If I were my own parent, I would never have left teenage me home alone XD
So cringy times. I hate teen years) those were not my finest moments)

Hm... You know what... I've heard this thing... They say many boys jerked off with their friends at least once. I asked 5 or 6 friends - none of them did it. Liars, I presume. Or it's a foreign thing >_> is it?

Since we sorted the video shops, I have a question. Was there any food in your childhood you absolutely hated?
I googled what traumatized me - google says it's either semolina porridge or cream of wheat... Ugh... Either way, I hated it. It always ended up being lumpy in places. And when they tried to make it better adding raisins, it only made it worse somehow.

Look at you all inspired)) yeah, I might end up spilling something on my shirt during a video call - then it'd have to go, unfortunately.

We're not sexting here, Kathy. Keep it together. Get a fucking grip >_<

Yeah, half of our interactions would be giggling and giddiness.
Aaand this is the moment I return to this message after watching that video you sent me. Uh-huh. Talking, babe, sure. We're gonna talk a lot - that's what preoccupies my mind right now. Definitely.
I don’t usually like being tickled. But in that particular context, with you being insufferably pleased with yourself... yeah, I think I could enjoy it))
I am pretty vanilla, so your ancient age won't be an issue most of the time) that said, some things look intriguing to try at least once) but yeah, I would love to show you stuff. And I'd be glad if you'd be showing things that got your curiosity going.
Yeah, we'd better take a vacation at least for a week. Or our work performance would decrease dramatically. >_< but overall I think every other day sounds like it. That okay for you?

I did my research) although, I usually spend more time with text.
Well, I did like talking to you about it. Yesterday was so nice and easy. I liked that a lot. But turning you into a mumbling mess... Yeah... That's good too. Gods, I'd love to actually see you like that. I'm sure it'd be quite a sight.

M... Yeah, bosses. Very important topic. I'm especially interested in it right now. A fascinating topic.
It makes sense though that you feel looser around your boss now when you found an actual person behind the role)
Do you have colleagues you can go to when you need to bitch about work?

What?! Why would it cost you anything? No, love. Jokes are great. Please don't filter them out. Now. Excuse me, I have cows to milk.
What kind of monitor do you have? I have one made by xiaomi. I dunno. Feels okay. But I loooove AMOLED on my laptop - I wish I had it for my PC. But it costs a shitload, and I can't make myself spend such a pile of money on a monitor)
Hm... Did you compliment my hair? Huh. Well, I remember you doing that in a message - that's okay. If you did that during a video call, I had more pressing matters that demanded my attention) yeah, people do notice changes. Usually women say something. But I don't see people, so it's usually not a problem)) except for one of my friends. And my therapist does it every fucking time >_< I just don't like that sudden sense of being observed, you know?

Yeah, I like it that I don't need to explain to you how come I care about people but I don't like them much either) or maybe it'd be more correct to say I don't like being around them)